: 
 Scorpion...
Meet my new trainee. Tim Armstrong.
Hello.
There's nothing more stunning than seeing perfection with a slight imperfection.
So I wanted to ask if y-you, uh, would like to go to the Lake Tahoe Jazz and Heritage Festival.
Oh, I...
(phone buzzing)
With-with Tim.
Yeah, I'll... I'll ask Tim to go, if he wants.
Check this out, Sly.
Is this perfect or what?
(engine starts)
Morning, Doc.
Water?
You've been out for a while.
Suit yourself.
I'd keep my strength up if I were you, but...
Gonna be a very big day.
(jazz playing)
My uncle used to play this for me when I was a kid.
Taught me guitar to this music.
Albert Ayler, Cannonball Adderley, Max Roach-- I mean, sound track of my youth.
I thought I had a rough childhood.
You don't like jazz?
No.
I don't 
 touching shopping cart handles.
I 
 free-form jazz. I prefer verse, chorus, middle eight. A nice pattern. Not chaos.
That is what makes it great, though. You have to listen for the notes they're not playing.
I wish all the notes were the notes they're not playing.
Cabe, isn't there a no-music policy in the garage?
Better not be. I just got the Conway Twitty box set.
What's a Conway Twitty?
(phone rings)
Saved by the bell, kid.
Oh, it's a record.
I thought the ferret got stuck behind the water bottle again.
Walter, I wanted to say thank you again for the festival tickets.
Mm-hmm.
Love the music, never been to Tahoe. Paige and I are really excited.
Yes. Thank you, that was very generous.
Uh, boss? Why did you blurt out the name for a Mexican meatball?
I don't know. Maybe I'm hungry.
Well, maybe it's because the idea of Tim and Paige going off together for an entire weekend is too upsetting for words?
So you just said... any word?
If I want an analysis, I will ask Dr. Curtis.
Actually, come to think of it, where is Toby?
I didn't see my car in the parking lot.
Oh, the company car?
About that-- I missed the vote when my car became the company car.
Well, it was a landslide. Your vote wouldn't have mattered.
: Hey!
Is that hat-wearing dipstick here?
Hey, why are you so hot?
'Cause he didn't answer my phone calls last night, he blew off our breakfast, and he won't respond to my texts.
That's strange.
Is it?
Or is it the typical garbage he used to pull when he was on a gambling bender?
Happy, I know Toby, and if...
Actually, he might be gambling.
Do you think something might be wrong?
: Wrong?
Like what?
Appreciate the heads up.
Okay, team, most likely nothing, but I'm passing along the info.
Was just informed that Mark Collins has escaped his mental health hospital.
What? Was this confirmed?
100%. He cheeked his sedative, ground it up, dropped it in a guard's coffee, stole his walkie, exited out a side door during the rec hour.
Remember, this is a hospital, not a prison.
Toby's testimony sent that nutbar back to the cuckoo factory just yesterday, then he breaks out and now Toby's missing.
The odds of coincidence are infinitesimal.
Look, you're all clearly concerned.
Let's just track his cell phone.
After Toby put tracking software on Happy's phone, these guys blocked the GPS on their cars and cells.
I... actually have a general idea of the direction Toby was heading.
How do you know that?
He just mentioned that he was heading downtown.
You're lying.
What?
Okay, what else do you know?
He just told me that he was heading downtown and I know he hates freeway traffic, so I'm sure that he was taking Olympic.
Okay, so we hack into the city's traffic cams and look at the intersections that he might have been at the time he was driving.
Around 6:30.
Okay, you know something that you're not telling me.
You're scaring me.
Good.
Here it is.
Okay, here's my car at Olympic and Olive, then Olympic and Midway, and then... it's gone.
So he stopped somewhere on Olympic between Midway and Hill.
Let's check it out.
What do you got there, some kind of science project?
You're not gonna joke your way out of this one, Tobias.
No, today is a very serious day.
It's a 
That's Latin.
I like talking in dead languages to remind humanity that we are as ephemeral as the words that leave our lips.
Glad to see the psych ward worked out for you.
You can mock me all you want, but when my work is done... nobody will be laughing.
What work is that?
Conversing to humanize yourself.
That's cute.
When you're committed, Toby, when your freedom and your dignity are ripped from you, all you have left is time.
Now, I spent my time on research for BBI: brain-to-brain interface.
Now, I was limited, of course, by what I could accomplish in a padded room, but one day, reading a newspaper, I saw an obituary.
Megan O'Brien Dodd.
Never took Sylvester as the marrying type.
"Mrs. Dodd is survived by a brother who fought valiantly to save her life."
That sentimental drivel made me realize that Walter must have tried some kind of brain save.
So that's what I want.
I want his neurological research to complete my own.
Collins, Walter isn't gonna give you anything.
Oh, except that he will.
I'm going to motivate him to do so.
Toby's hat is in the passenger seat.
He never goes anywhere without that stupid hat.
Forget about the hat. Who goes anywhere without their cell phone and keys?
: It's cracked.
What was he even doing here?
Hold on. He was sending a text to Sly.
"Check this out, Sly. Is this perfect or what?" What does that mean?
I'm not sure.
You're lying again.
Sly?
Kid, if you know something, share it.
I swear to you, i-if I knew anything relevant to where Toby is, I-I would share it.
(phone rings)
(high-pitched tone)
Hello?
Hello, old friend.
You looking for someone?
Collins, I promise this will not turn out well for you.
Maybe, maybe not. But I promise you it definitely will not turn out well for Toby unless you give me what I want, namely all the research you did for Megan.
Why the hell does he want that?
Do I hear the fed who helped send me away?
He'd better be the only cop on this thing, otherwise Scorpy's gonna have a seat to fill.
Understood. Now, why do you want my work?
Because I'm gonna finally complete all the BBI research that I started over a decade ago.
Now, to set the scene, we've got the doc strapped to a metal chair, which is hooked into a live battery from a stolen car.
If you don't send your work to the untraceable e-mail account I just forwarded you in the next half hour, Toby is toast. Now, the way I see this: whether he gets hurt or not is up to you.
Oh, and Walter?
You should have never kicked me off the team.
He's crazier than ever.
Okay, just give him the research and end this.
You know I can't do that.
Like hell you can't.
Why can't you give him what he wants?
BBI-- brain-to-brain interface-- it allows people with strategically placed skull electrodes to communicate with each other via thoughts.
It's rudimentary right now-- you can tell if someone's thinking left, right, yes or no by picking up on their brain's unique electrical signals.
But a mind like Collins' can advance that science to where a sensitive enough neurological implant can read the electrical impulses of someone close to it, even if that person doesn't have any electrodes on them.
Mind reading? If Collins combines his research with mine, then can you imagine the privacy issues, the security concerns, if he has that tech?
Or if he sells it to someone else.
Or just puts it online for free because he's crazy.
Okay, you guys are wasting time.
You're gonna let Toby get tortured?
: No, no, we problem-solve by breaking down what we already know.
Okay, so...
All right, we all heard that his call was distorted.
I bet he used a patch to make those cell calls through a ham radio. It's nearly impossible to track those down.
Okay, so Sly and I go back to the garage with Cabe, who calls the FCC to get specs on radio transmission in SoCal.
But how do you know he stayed local?
He's a fugitive most likely in a stolen car with a kidnap victim in the back. He wouldn't want to get pulled over so he wouldn't drive far.
Okay, Paige-- you, Happy and Tim go to the hospital Collins escaped from.
The one place where we know he isn't.
Toby would be the first person to say, if you want to learn a plan, you learn the man.
Right? We need to see where Collins spent the last two years scheming.
: 
 searched every inch of his room.
We like to be thorough.
We're looking for any writing Collins may have done, anything where he laid out his plan.
Writing implements aren't allowed in the rooms.
They can be fashioned into weapons.
Yeah, well, the last time we were with Collins we found his collection of notebooks.
Collins is visual, writes down everything so that he can see it. That's how he planned the escape and the kidnapping.
Not in here, he didn't.
No pen, no pencils-- strict policy.
Where else did Collins get time alone?
He worked in the kitchen in the east wing.
He was alone in there for clean-up duty.
I'm gonna comm up, I'm gonna check out the mess hall.
Okay, let us know what you find.
Will do.
Okay, someone recently resewed this.
Hey, uh, hey, excuse me.
What the heck is that?
Uh, you had your microwave replaced recently, didn't you?
Stopped working.
How'd you know?
Collins tore its guts out so that he could build a wireless signal booster.
We don't allow patients Internet access.
Their use of the computer lab is strictly for games and educational CDs.
Does the admin building across the quad have Internet access?
Well, of course.
Okay, so he figured out how to pump your signal and get on the information superhighway.
We need to see your computer lab.
FCC's e-mailing you a map of the radio towers that transmit in 50 to 300 kilohertz.
Well, that's the exact range that amateur ham radio operates on.
72 in total.
Okay, so now we just have to figure out a way to narrow it down to the one that Collins was using to communicate with us.
How are we gonna do that?
I already told you there's nothing written in here at all.
Collins came in, cleaned and left. Model worker.
What's this?
A whisk.
Yeah, but all the wire loops are gonna except one.
We're a state hospital on a budget.
These things don't just fall off. Okay, that's peculiar.
(groans) Collins wouldn't vandalize anything in the kitchen.
He was a neat freak.
He'd go nuts if you so much as put a delivery on his table over there instead of on the counter.
Wait, why wouldn't he want anything placed on his table?
He was particular.
(grunting)
Uh... what are you doing?
I ain't cleaning this up, man.
What the hell's that?
That is Collins' plan.
Problem is, I can't read it.
Holy smokes. Must have used his finger, which when dragged across stainless steel creates a temporary mark that is soon to fade.
But the oil from his finger doesn't fade.
Right. Flour stuck to the oil, revealed the formula.
Well, that's smart thinking.
It was adequate.
Well, I'm seeing symbols for megahertz and wavelength.
It looks like he was trying to calculate which of the towers operated at a frequency that best matched his ham radio.
It's probably an older model that he swiped from his mom's basement.
Okay, so if we can crack the formula, we're one step closer to finding out where Collins is transmitting and hiding Toby.
Happy, how goes it on your end?
Making progress, but not fast enough.
I am tracking his IP history.
Seems to have a thing for farms.
: Farms are secluded. It's a great place to hold a kidnapping victim, but he also could've been meeting someone who was gonna help him.
Could've been picking something up, who knows?
Only way to know for sure is if we get to Ponder Creek Farm.
How do you know it's this one and not one of the others?
Well, 'cause he stopped searching at this site, which means he found what he was looking for.
(phone rings)
Guys, it's all zeros.
I'm linking in your phones now.
(high-pitched tone)
Hello.
Don't say I didn't warn you.
Collins, listen to logic.
No, you listen to the sound your friend makes when I complete this circuit.
(screaming)
♪ Scorpion 2x24 ♪

Toby or Not Toby

Original Air Date on April 25, 2016
(screaming) Where is the research I asked for?
Collins, stop!
(screaming continues)
(screaming stops)
Now you know I'm serious.
If Toby loses this, he doesn't go home with parting gifts of packaged rice and car wax.
(beep)
Is this some kind of joke?
Thought you'd be impressed.
You and Team Scorpion suffer full-scale cognitive trauma and I don't have to lay a finger on you.
You're above torture. That means there's still decency in you.
(laughs)
Psychological parlor tricks are for drunk girls, not for a superior intellect, Toby.
Now let me just be clear.
You will be killed today.
Just not by my hand.
Okay, so what's the plan?
Sly's working the formula I found.
We should check out the farm?
Yes, go.
We'd better hurry, or Toby's gonna get tortured again.
You know what? I don't think he's being tortured at all.
I heard that call. He wasn't being tickled.
He said this wasn't a game and Toby wouldn't be leaving with any parting gifts like on a game show, so who wants to bet he saw us when Sylvester was on 
Even if he did, so what?
Okay, let me start from the beginning.
Since prehistoric times, when humans cry for help, their octaves change.
So if your clanmates couldn't hear your first scream, perhaps they'd hear you at a different vocal pitch.
Toby's yell was consistent.
Here it is.
(screaming)
TV watching is a big time killer in hospitals.
Collins sees our team on the game show, records it, then removes the memory card from the DVR...
Then he comes to the computer lab and isolates, loops and amplifies Toby's yell of excitement to make it sound like a scream of pain.
: Then he jerry-rigs the walkie-talkie he stole and he plays it back to us.
Like I'm doing right now.
(screaming)
: Hey, so, this is great-- if Toby's not being tortured, that means we have more time.
Not exactly. When facing an enemy, it's easier to strategize when you know what they want.
So, if he's faking the torture, that means he doesn't really care about Walter's research.
Yeah, well, if this is just a trap for all of us, what's his endgame?
No way to know. The bottom line is he's unpredictable, he might have no intention of letting Toby go, which makes it more urgent that we find him.
Okay, we need to keep working the radio towers.
Which just got a whole lot easier because I just solved his formula!
What do you got?
Collins found that the most efficient frequency for his ham radio is 10.12 megahertz.
Of the 72 towers that we narrowed down to, only 38 of them give a strong signal out at that number.
Sly, can you narrow it down?
That's the problem. Look over here.
From those 38 towers, tons of data is transmitted.
Too much noise, impossible to locate a small ham radio frequency with a cell signal patched into it.
So we eliminate the noise.
How the heck are we gonna do that?
Here.
My keytar.
If I can get all 38 towers to broadcast just a steady single note, then it will reduce all normal data-noise so you can see low-level ham radio frequencies.
And only one of them, Collins', will be carrying a cell signal with it.
Radio tower in Griffith Park is a conduit for all the others in L.A.
That's where we're heading.
Hang tight.
We don't know what we might be walking into here.
I'm not waiting here like a damsel.
(sighs)
(gunfire)
Get down! (gasps)
You okay? Stay down.
(gunfire)
Just got to get a bead on him.
Where the hell is Happy?
(grunting)
Wait! Who the hell are you?
Never heard the name Mark Collins in my life, or Robby Curtis.
It's Toby Curtis.
Doctor, Harvard-trained.
Sorry. Can you please tell me what's going on here?
Searched the grounds, nothing.
Okay, we are the smartest people in the world.
Why is it so difficult to locate a 168-pound wise-ass?
Watch where you point that.
Why were you shooting at us?
Sorry. It's just rock-salt. Had trespassers last night.
What kind of trespassers?
Kind that steal my goat collars.
Probably damn high school kids.
Maybe not.
Okay, show us the herd?
That's some climb.
You sure about this?
Yeah.
I connect the keytar to the junction box, play a repeated note, all the other 38 towers will do the same.
Now you stay here just in case someone calls the cops on me.
You got it.
(goat bleating)
Every one of these goats should have a defense collar.
Sodium dexaflorite is loaded in these pouches.
Kills coyotes out for a midnight snack.
They didn't steal anything else?
No.
Just busted my fence, which they could have just climbed over.
Someone deliberately removed the hinge.
Well, if this is Collins, what the hell does he want with poison packs and an old hinge?
: And wires he took off a whisk at the mental hospital.
Okay, he's building something.
Question is what?
It's noxious stuff if you're a bobcat.
But... if you're an egotistical, annoying, compulsive shrink... you got to up the ante a touch.
(hissing)
What's that for?
You'll see.
In the polluted Gowanus Canal of your mind, you're king, you make the rules?
All monarchies collapse, Mark.
No matter how smart you are, you're nothing without a good team.
Your plan'll fail, 'cause it's six against one.
You really think you can analyze me, Toby?
Do you have any idea how easy it is to do what you do?
Huh?
Watch me.
You just need the slightest piece of information.
Hmm.
Some of the prose is very sharp.
(gasps)
Oh, my, my, my.
What is this?!
(laughing)
Now, there is only one woman on the planet I can think of who would go for a hex nut setting.
You're proposing to Happy.
I know her longer than you.
There's no way she would say yes.
She can't.
What do you mean?
See how easily I just got in your head?
(grunting)
Progress report, Walter?
(panting)
I think I can see the... the garage from here.
Isn't that a joke that's, that's told from high altitudes?
Yeah, not a funny one.
Okay, I'm at the top.
I'm gonna plug into the junction box. Are you ready?
: I am monitoring all 38 radio towers that Collins could be broadcasting near.
Do your thing.
About to plug it in. Happy, what's your 20?
I'm headed back to the garage to help Sly process the tower data once you play your keytar.
Oh, God.
You okay?
Yeah.
I'm just sore from you laying on top of me.
Huh?
(groaning)
(thudding)
Oh, man, not good.
(gasps) My keytar.
Walter, this thing's destroyed!
Bring the cable up!
All right, I'm on my way.
(phone ringing)
It's Collins.
If you're calling to demand my research, I know you don't want it and I know you didn't hurt Toby.
And yet the day is still young.
Let's you and me meet face to face.
Oh, Walter.
Such an ego.
Not everything is about you.
For example, Mr. Curtis is having quite an interesting morning.
Go ahead, Doc.
Tell 'em what's cooking.
Some kind of acid.
Heavy duty stuff.
: Synthesized from the poison in the goat collars.
Okay, Collins, I'm coming for you!
You should bring it, Quinn.
Come over and watch your fiancé suffer and die.
(tires squeal)
Oh.
Did I just let the cat out of the bag? It's true.
We've got the ring right here.
It's ugly as a baboon's butt.
You should definitely let me know where you're registered.
: Happy, keep cool. That certainly is a lot to process.
Sylvester?!
Yes?
Is this what you've been keeping?
I didn't want to say anything unless it was absolutely germane to finding Toby, which this really isn't, because he made me promise to keep it a surprise.
Sly, did he pick it up last night?
Yes.
So he got snatched when he was getting the ring.
That doesn't make it your fault.
It kind of does.
(tires squealing)
(panting)
(grunts)
You got the cable?
Yeah.
All right.
Now give me your phone.
What's wrong with yours?
It's a makeshift solution-- it won't be perfect-- but since the keytar is kaput, we need to create a uniform signal with music-- all stations playing one song.
And I don't have any songs in my phone.
Takes up too much space.
All right, Sly, get ready.
♪ As I take the love you're giving... ♪
Conway Twitty?
I'm a fan.
I even toured his mansion-- Twitty City.
♪ In your mind ♪

♪ 
 ♪

♪ Uh-uh, uh... ♪
All stations are playing the song.
Sly, anything yet?
All data streams are now identical.
There are a few ham radio frequencies showing, but only one has a cell signal riding on it.
It is Collins.
Okay, we're on our way back.
All right.
How'd it go?
: The cell phone frequency is coming from a tower east of downtown.
So we got him.
What we have is a general location.
It's in an industrial area, which should narrow down the possibilities somewhat.
: But there are 18 buildings in close proximity to the tower.
We flood that area with cops, Collins gets jumpy, who knows what he does with the acid.
We try to search each individually, it'll take the rest of the day, and I don't think that Toby has that long.
: Then we eliminate possibilities.
That one's under construction.
There would be a crew there all day. Cross it off the list.
Okay, that one's an active shipping center.
It's full of people. It won't be that one.
: Two down.
16 to go.
(birds squawking)
I know what you're thinking.
That's a lot of dental floss.
The fact is, I'd much rather be working with a thicker string or twine, but you know when you're robbing a mental hospital, you just can't be that choosy.
(sighing)
That was your big plan?
Try to splash ammonia up in my face?
It's pathetic.
Can't fault a guy for trying.
Now it stinks in here.
(metallic clanking)
(birds squawking)
You're really building something here, Mark.
Actually going through with it.
(yells)
Have you ever known me not to complete a project, Toby?
Can I please just call Happy one last time?
I know that you have decency left in you.
Let me have this.
I would love to hear the sound of your defeated good-bye.
But... one caveat-- if I let you talk to them, you're gonna have to tell them what you yourself just realized.
That I won.
That I beat Scorpion.
That 
 am smarter... than Walter.
(phone ringing)
(phone beeps on)
Mark?
: No, Walt, it's me.
I'm sure you're working hard to find me, but he has thought this through.
Dah-dah-dah-dah-dah.
I think there was a reason that you called?
Guys, he beat us, and he's smarter than us, all of us.
Happy...
I'm sorry.
I love you and I always will.
You're not saying good-bye to me, Doc.
Yeah, I am.
Sylvester... listen closely.
(birds squawking)
Are you listening to me care-carefully?
I am.
Take care of Happy for me.
(phone beeps off)
I can't believe that just happened.
Me either. Toby just told me where he is.
Up a creek without a paddle.
: No.
Sly picked up on something.
: He told me to listen carefully, not to how he wanted me to take care of Happy.
Why would he want me to take care of Happy? She terrifies me.
Just get to where he is!
See?
Anyway, when he told me to listen carefully, he paused, just long enough for me to hear the distinct, low, hoarse call of the California brown pelican!
: And do you know what one sounds like?
I'm a world-class ornithologist, even though birds scare the beans out of me.
And right now the pelicans are feeding off the tiny fish in the L.A. River through the month of April.
: Well, that means he must be in one of these four buildings near the river.
Let's roll. Let's roll!
Let's go.
(tires screech)
It's one of these warehouses.
We have guests.
I thought it would take them another half an hour, but, oh, well.
I heard the pelicans clearly.
It had to be through an open window.
: They all have open windows.
They all potentially have a trap waiting for us.
Everyone goes in, eyes open, ready for anything.
We need to split up. Paige and I will take this warehouse here.
Okay. So, Sly and Happy take the end.
Cabe and I will split up and cover the others.
I wish you good luck, Tobias.
You're gonna need it.
Hey, Collins!
Collins?
They're all locked!
: Guys!
I'm in here!
Ugh! Move! Move!
It's Toby! We got Toby!
Oh, man.
Hey, guys. Welcome to the inside of Collins' brain.
Oh, what's happening here?
: The Mason jar is held by floss, the acid is in the jar.
Okay, the old hinge, the whisk wires.
This is what he was building.
: Don't touch anything!
One of these threads leads to the jar. You jostle it, the acid eats through my septum, then back through my trachea.
I'll suffocate in seconds.
That's a problem.
It gets worse.
He shaved down the floss right over my head.
It won't hold more than a few minutes.
Collins is calling us to outthink him.
And if we can't, Toby dies.
Happy, Sly, I need you to figure this one out fast!
Guys, I'm running out of time here!
Okay, you're the math guy.
Figure out the pattern here.
What do I look like, a dentist?!
I have no clue how to solve this!
Oh, what in the name of...?
Don't touch anything!
It's a booby trap!
: Walter, we cannot crack what Collins set up.
We could really use your mind over here.
Walter, answer me!
(crackling)
(shouting)
Collins, please! Please!
(grunts)
I got him!
I have Collins!
Well, who cares? Get over here.
Toby's in trouble.
I know. I heard about the trap over the comms.
But I can't just leave him here.
Tell them how to save Toby! Now!
Or what, you'll brain me?
I clearly don't care, Walter.
But you do.
About Tobias.
And that's why you'll let me go to go save your friend.
Happy, tell Cabe to get over here and take Collins.
Then I'll run over to you.
I'm a few buildings south.
There's not enough time.
Get over here.
Look at how weak they made you.
The old Walter would have never struggled with this.
The greater good obviously dictates that you do not let me go, because I can do harm to many more people than Tobias could ever help.
: Gang, did you come up with a plan yet?!
That's it.
I'm cutting through.
No. No, no, no.
You hit the wrong one, he could die.
Walter, do you know why the wolf spider is a Darwinian marvel?
Because it lives alone.
That is what makes it superior.
It depends on nobody.
Does that remind you of somebody?
Kicking me off Scorpion, it was a deep betrayal.
But it also served me well.
Uh-huh.
You're not a killer.
I am what you made me.
And you are what Scorpion made you.
A weak and feeble man who cares more about feelings and sentiment and friends than about a logical course of action.
Now go ahead and drop the pipe and go save your little pal.
(clang)
Whoa!
Whoa, this is bad.
Okay, I've been running this through my head at top speed, and I can't figure it out.
Well, you don't have to.
We figure it out.
Okay, Collins says that our team makes us weak, but it's the opposite, so we solve this together.
Now, what do you know for sure?
Looks like standard dental floss.
Seems like it's covered in perfluorinated polymer, similar to what they use to coat frying pans or guitar strings.
Guitar strings.
The-the floss is just coated strings pulled tight.
It's-it's like a guitar.
So they'd give off a sound.
But one of the strings would sound different, the one with more force pulling on it.
Right. The one weighted down by the Mason jar will make a sharper note.
You're the jazz master.
Give one a pluck.
Do 
 give one of them a pluck!
Look, I will be careful, okay? I promise.
(panting)
(clears throat)
(note plays)
(gasps)
That's a pure "B."
Also a "B."
Cut 'em both.
Oh, my God.
Nothing happened.
: Okay, guys, we got to cut every piece of floss that's a "B" note.
That one's good.
(different note plays)
: Don't, don't, don't, don't. I'm not sure about that one yet.
That one's good.
Careful, careful, careful.
(team members murmuring)
No, no, that's fine.
(grunts) Good.
Let's go.
Happy, listen, we both know the question I was gonna ask you today.
Okay, shut up, Doc.
No, I need to say this, 'cause I don't think you're gonna get to me before the acid eats through my...
I said shut up!
I have a ring in my satchel.
Okay, you will not propose to me while you are tied up to a chair and I'm up to my elbows in floss.
Toby, we'll be to you in 30 seconds!
I don't have 30 seconds!
Happy, I love you!
Okay, screw this.
Happy, no!
Happy!
The jar!
(grunting)
(sighs)
You okay?
See? Knew you were a keeper.
: Sylvester, Tim, get in there and untie the doc.
Now we got to deal with Collins.
: Okay, call the FBI.
Let 'em know he's on the loose.
He's loose because of me.
I let him go to come here.
(grunts) Kudos for that, by the way.
There's a dangerous guy out in the world because of me.
Now, you can call the authorities if you want, but I'm going after him.
: Rosemead stop coming up.
(crunching)
Not getting off?
Pity.
: Think this is your stop.
Now stand up slowly so my partner can cuff you.
(grunts)
Is the psychiatrist dead?
(chuckles) Nope.
I don't care for him.
Walter.
You interrupted my journey.
Mm-hmm.
So, how did you find me?
When Scorpion first started, you and I spent a weekend deciphering an obfuscated batch file.
Yeah.
We did inspired work.
That's right.
And one night you told me how, when you were ten, you spent a summer in South Carolina with your uncle and how sad you were when he got sick and you had to come home.
Because he was the only person in your life who really accepted you for the way that you were.
How is any of this relevant?
Well, I'm not like most humans, Mark, but I have gained humanity these past years.
Now, the old Walter would've remembered your story about the uncle but not really understood the relevance.
But now I know why, out of all the solitary animals you could've chosen, you picked... the wolf spider, the state arachnid of South Carolina.
It's the locale of your fondest childhood memory.
You were about to be on the run and scared, and I knew that you'd want to go back to the one place that you'd ever felt safe.
And I understand that feeling, Mark.
I feel the same way about my cyclone at Scorpion.
They ruined you.
(grunts)
I have no idea why...
I packed so much for just two nights.
Overpacking is a sign of anxiety.
Really?
I'll get these.
(grunts)
Huh. Maybe I'm... more worried about leaving Ralph with Sly than I realize.
: Hey, Happy.
Can I talk to you for a sec?
No.
I promise this'll be quick.
No, thank you.
I promise I won't ask the question you're expecting.
Come on, he won't bite.
Shut up. I barely know you.
You know I'd never lie to you.
And I said I wasn't gonna ask you a question.
But I am going to sing you one.
No. No, no...
Eh!
♪ Oh, Happy ♪

♪ I know it sounds sappy ♪

♪ But I feel so crappy ♪

♪ When I'm not with you ♪

♪ ♪

♪ I know you'll save me if I'm in a pinch ♪

♪ Probably with a monkey wrench ♪

♪ I want to fulfill your desires ♪

♪ Like a pair of needle-nose pliers ♪

♪ Oh, Happy ♪

♪ You make me so happy ♪

♪ I just rhymed "Happy" with "happy" ♪

♪ Because I love you. ♪
(pop)
(team members exclaim)
I've loved you since I can't remember when, and I'm gonna love you till I can't forget how.
Will you please marry me?
No.
(pop)
Why not?
I can't.
I'm married to someone else.
I'm sorry.
Happy, what...?
Please don't follow me.
We should go.
Sorry, pal.
What-what did she... what did she mean?
Two things that won't help are self-hatred and booze.
Tonight will be full of both.
But don't make either a habit.
Toby...
I, um, don't want to talk to anyone right now.
: Hey, um, if you still want to go, we should probably hit the road.
It's gonna be a long drive.
Yeah, yeah.
Of course. Um, I'll just meet you out by the car.
Okay.
(sighs)
Wow. (exhales)
That was... messy.
Yeah, it's a mess that I made.
I should've stood by my position on intraoffice relationships.
I didn't.
And now... Happy's crying, Toby's distraught. It's gonna ripple through the whole team.
Don't blame yourself.
Relationships are messy.
That's their nature.
That's exactly my point.
Someone works with a woman every day, enjoys her company, is attracted to her, thinks of what-what she'll be doing when he sees her at work, and what she'll be doing at night when she goes back home.
But if-if it's gonna derail the goals that we've set here at Scorpion, then it can't be realized.
You know?
Those feelings need to be buried and left alone.
You are talking about... Toby?
What? Yeah.
Of course.
Oh.
Okay. Well, uh...
(sputters) I should be going.
Tim's waiting.
Sure. Yeah. Guess you should.
Unless, of course, you think that, with everything going on, I should... maybe cancel and stay here and... help with Toby.
It's like you said... it's a mess.
It's probably best you go.
Okay.
Well, I'll see you in a couple days.
Okay.
♪ Halloween is here ♪

♪ And they left it in this home ♪

♪ Stitches on my body... ♪
(grunts)
♪ Closet's full of bones... ♪
Maybe you should slow down with the tequila.
My liver's making a run for the border.
Well, you know, tomorrow I'll go... see Happy, I'll... talk to her, smooth this all out.
Would you do that for me?
Of course.
You know, when she understands that this romantic experiment was a mistake, she will focus on work and feel better, and you'll... get back on point as well, and Scorpion will be stabilized.
Wow.
You are such a jerk.
Excuse me, Toby?
You don't care that this is a problem for me.
Or Happy. You care that it's a problem for your precious Scorpion.
Right. If Scorpion is in proper equilibrium, we're all in equilibrium.
♪ Loving nothing more ♪

♪ Than black magic... ♪
What I'm about to say is not fueled by emotion or the worm I just swallowed.
It's fueled by my love for you.
You, Walter, are a gigantic ass.
Pardon me?
You're so obsessed with keeping this team together, to attach some meaning as to why you are the way you are, that you're willing to sacrifice love for it.
I'm gonna make it easy for you.
You're a genetic fluke.
So freaking what?
It doesn't matter!
What matters in life is love!
And mine just walked out the door! I'm dying inside!
I would do anything to make her come back here and say yes.
And you, you jackass, you pushed your love out the door to spend the weekend with another man!
A big, sexy, muscled Navy SEAL man!
 197?
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh... ♪
(drawers banging)
Where are they?
What?
My car keys, where are they?
The company car?
It's my car! Where are they?!
On my desk.
Okay.
(panting)
Hold on, where you going?
I'm gonna stop Paige.
I-I...
I love her.
I'm a moron.
No.
You're just a genius.
♪ Blister on my tongue ♪

♪ Loving nothing more ♪

♪ Than black magic... ♪
Call Paige.
: Calling Paige.
(line ringing)
: Hi, this is Paige Dineen. I can't come to the phone, but leave a detailed message and I'll get back to you. Thanks.
(beep)
♪ Love is hell, nothing more... ♪
Damn it. (panting)
♪ Than black magic ♪

♪ Careful what you wish for ♪

♪ It might happen. ♪
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
