This is a guy who has killed several people.
She calls him "the big, scary man."
Something grabbed my chest.
My eyes were pitch-black.
We're dealing with a demon.
You don't mess with my kids.
"I'm gonna tear your [Bleep] apart."
Bad, bad little girl.
There's a dark presence.
My name is Amy Allan.
These things, they're freaking out.
They're from hell.
I see dead people.
They were being hunted.
I speak to dead people.
They were setting people on fire, burning them alive.
And they speak to me.
Her neck got broken.
But there's only one way to know if my findings are real.
I hear a gunshot.
I rely on my partner.
I'm Steve Di Schiavi.
I'm a retired New York City homicide detective.
Something's not right here.
And I know every person, every house has secrets.
It's not safe here.
It's my job to reveal them.
Are any of them buried on the property?
They're all buried here.
But Steve and I never speak...
We never communicate during an investigation.
Until the very end...
I can't do it no more.
When we uncover if it's safe for you to stay...
Holy [Bleep] Look at this.
Or time to get out.
It does not have a happy ending.
Something kills people here.
I'm out here in the small town of Lake Jackson, Texas.
It's about an hour south of Houston.
I got called in by a mother of four.
Now, she sounded bad, says whatever's in the house is torturing her family.
They've been pushed, scratched, bruised, and had things thrown at them.
She's fighting mad and says if we can't help her, someone's gonna get seriously hurt.
: Before Amy arrives, I clear the area of any leading information.
Photographs, personal items, and names throughout this house need to be covered or removed.
When I'm done, the location will be ready for tonight's walk.
There's this little girl, and she comes out.
And her name's Casey.
And she has long blonde hair, and she's, like, got this little dress on.
Uh, she's probably like 8 or 9 years old, and she said, "If you don't believe in God, you're dead and going to Hell."
So as she's, like, saying that, she, like, gets all demonic-looking.
And then, this creepy guy comes up.
And he looks like seven-foot, like, trying to be intimidating and scary.
This guy is definitely interacting with several people here.
I think this is a guy who has killed several people.
: So, Lisa, when we spoke on the phone, you sounded scared, but you also sounded really angry.
It's hard.
It's really hard, and it gets harder every day.
I just want to, like, break down and cry and scream, but if I lose it, my kids'll lose it.
We're done, you know? We're done.
This is our final straw.
All of our eggs are in this basket.
So who exactly lives here with you?
We have my partner, Jennifer; my son Gary Paul; my daughter Victoria; my daughter Jillian; my son Ayden; and myself.
You have a special-needs child?
It's Victoria.
Victoria.
And how old is Victoria?
11.
What is her special need?
She has Down syndrome.
Okay.
Give me an idea of exactly what's happening in the house.
It started out with doors opening, doors closing.
Then, it was, like, noises.
Now we're seeing apparitions, shadow people, and it's getting physical.
You know, I can't tell my kids, "Don't be scared of the dark," because I'm scared of the dark.
I'm scared of everything that we see.
I'm scared of what's gonna happen next.
You know, you just don't feel like you're ever alone.
You feel like you're being watched constantly.
You know, it's like, "Am I losing my mind?"
Just looking at you, I can see it's taken an emotional toll on you.
Yeah.
It's also taken a toll, like, on my health.
I have anxiety.
My chest is tightening.
Migraines, depression.
I constantly feel like I'm having a panic attack in my own house.
Have you been to the doctor?
Been to the doctor.
They don't know why I'm having it.
I'm getting my ass kicked, you know?
And I feel like I'm fighting a battle I can't win.
Somebody's [Bleep] a lot of [Bleep] pain.
I keep getting illness, just constant illness.
Sick, sick, sick.
High blood pressure, cancer, migraines, possibly, like, heart issues.
I feel sick to my stomach.
I'm feeling like that creepy man is, like, standing right behind me and, like, breathing on my neck.
[Laughs]
I don't usually get creeped out, but I'm kind of creeped out.
So, Lisa, why'd you bring me in here?
This is my 4-year-old daughter Jillian's room, and she's had experiences.
Okay. Like what?
She was about a year and a half old.
And I was getting her dressed, and the door opened.
And she turned and looked at it and said, "Oh, no.
Not you again."
That was her first, like, full sentence.
What else has she experienced in here?
She has been pulled out of her bed.
So what happened?
She was asleep up here, and she was out cold.
And then, there was this loud bang and crying.
I come in.
Jillian's on the floor.
And there was, like, these lines in the bed like she had been pulled.
She had nightmares where she jumps out of bed or anything like that?
Seizures?
Mnh-mnh.
There's really no explanation.
This would kill me, as a father, to have to hear this.
It's rough.
Your room is supposed to be your spot, your safe zone, your comfort zone.
Well, this kid's 4 years old, and she's been through a lot already.
Is it affecting her in any way?
She just, like, gets, like, these anger rages, like, mood swings like a teenager.
I'm just pissed because I can't stop it.
You know, it's, like You can't stop it.
You can't see it. You can't fight it.
I just hear crying, crying... weeping, sobbing.
It's, like, in the walls.
Bad, bad little girl.
All the time, getting in trouble, acting out, being bad.
Something's making her do these things... and I think she is possessed by the dead little girl.
It's bad. It's really bad.
It's really bad.
The other living people here think it's, um, like, night terrors.
I don't know if they know how dire it is, actually.
Well, Lisa, to be honest with you, I was hoping you weren't gonna take me into this room.
This is Tori's room, right?
Mm-hmm.
This is your daughter with Down syndrome.
Right.
So obviously, she's going through something in here.
Definitely.
We've had toys that go off by themselves.
She's mentioned that she has seen a little girl in here that plays with her toys.
Okay. Does anything else go on in here?
She has told me that there is a big...
She calls him "the big, scary man."
And he stands here in her room, and he yells.
Did she describe him to you?
It's kind of hard for her because, like, unfortunately, mentally, she's around like 3, 4.
Right. Okay.
And then, she also used to have a chair in here.
There was a man that sat in the chair and just watched her.
He's a friggin' coward, is what he is.
We would hear her at night just screaming, you know, "Stop. Shut up. Leave me alone."
Now, you're sure it wasn't a nightmare she was having?
No, she was awake.
It's hard. It's gotten unbearable.
I don't even know what we're gonna do.
I need to know what I'm up against.
I need to know how to get rid of it.
I think this is the worst room.
I see a girl, older.
She's got, like, brown hair.
Creepy dead guy is... influencing her.
So we have the dead little girl who's influencing that person in that room... and the dead creepy guy who's influencing this girl.
I've never seen dead people, two in the same place, trying to [Bleep] possess kids.
I don't know. That seems suspicious to me.
This one's way more influenced than that one so far.
She's way gone.
: So why don't you tell me about some of the experiences you're having?
: I don't really remember it, but my mom told me that, uh, I got up out of my bed.
And my eyes were pitch-black, and I started attacking her.
I don't remember anything.
How old were you when this happened?
12 or something.
You're 13 now?
Yeah, almost 14.
When you were awake, have you ever attacked your mother?
No.
That's my mom. You would never attack your mom.
I mean, that's pretty strange.
Mm-hmm.
Anything else?
One night in the summer, I woke up freezing cold, and I looked at my shirt, and it was being pulled up like this.
And then, when I stared at it, it just went down like that.
So it looked like something was pulling on your shirt?
Yeah.
And you were freezing?
Were you sick?
Did you have a fever or anything like that?
No.
Okay. Where were you?
Top bunk.
Top bunk.
Okay. Well, I got to tell you, I've heard a lot of stories doing what I do now.
This is pretty out there.
Yeah.
I mean, it's like something you see in a movie.
If it's really happening, you guys got a problem.
Bad. Ooh, it's so bad up there!
Bad physical attack.
It's all up there.
Nothing down here, though.
It's this creepy guy yanking on their jaw.
Yeah, this is [Bleep] nuts.
So, Jennifer, I was talking to Lisa, and she told me that you were a skeptic...
Yes.
...before you moved here.
Very much so.
Not anymore, though, from what I understand.
No.
Okay.
So what changed your mind?
Well, one night, my brother Daniel came to me in a dream.
Your brother?
Yes.
He told me I need to get Lisa and these kids out of this house.
Okay, so I'm assuming your brother passed.
Yes.
What happened, if you don't mind me asking?
He shot himself with my grandfather's gun.
Okay. Uh, how long ago was that?
Well, it's been about 10 years.
I have a picture of him right here.
How old was he when he passed?
24, 25.
All right.
So he was young.
He was young.
What kind of guy was he?
He would give the shirt off his back for anybody that he loved and cared about.
That had to be a tough loss.
Mm-hmm.
Lisa and him were friends.
Is that right?
That's how I knew who Lisa was.
She was the little girl running around with my brother.
[Chuckles] Okay. That's interesting.
So did he know the kids?
He knew the boys, and Tori was just a baby.
Okay.
I believe he's here, and I believe he's trying to protect us.
It sounds like he gave you a warning.
I believe so.
Would you like to get the hell out of here?
Yes.
You would?
In a heartbeat.
: I think that there's somebody here related to these people, I think, who live here, who killed himself... shot himself in the head.
I don't know if he did it here, but he's attached to them somehow, and he's here.
He's telling me that this little girl, Casey, is evil and not to be trusted.
He's concerned.
I think he's concerned about somebody here.
He's trying to help, but he can't.
He's, like, trying to intervene.
But creepy guy... he's got more power.
: There's a lot of activity that happens in here.
: Okay. Tell me about some of it.
Well, I was laying in the middle of the bed, and Lisa was taking a hot shower.
All of a sudden, I just seen a shadow, the steam coming out of the bathroom.
It walked down the hallway.
This shadow thing, did it have an appearance of a human, or was it just a blob?
It looked like, uh, I guess like a tall man.
Okay.
Take the Marlboro man and take his hat off.
You guys taking any kind of drugs that are making you hallucinate a little bit?
No. I've seen it several times in our house.
It comes and goes as it pleases.
That's interesting. Anything else?
Well, I was sleeping perfectly fine, and something grabbed my chest and started pulling on me.
And it lifted me up off the bed, and it was pulling me off the bed.
And I kept fighting it and fighting it, and I couldn't get it off me.
You sure it wasn't a dream?
No, it wasn't a dream.
Whatever it was stunk like death.
Awful smell.
I ended up passing out from fighting it so hard.
I just kind of collapsed.
What happened to you the next morning when you woke up?
I had scratches and bruises on my chest.
Did it happen again after that?
It came back to me about two weeks later, so I immediately asked, "What's your name?"
And it said, "My name's Demas," and it left.
Demas?
Demas.
I tried researching it and looking it up, and I couldn't find anything.
How do you stay here if there's something like that?
'Cause I don't want to leave her alone with the kids.
Abandoning somebody you love is not right.
Okay.
Okay. So crazy guy likes this room.
He stomps around in here, crawls on the bed.
I see him, like... jumping.
This big mother[bleep] is jumping on their bed, you know?
I feel like they feel, like, this energy move through them.
He wants to hit them.
Only when there's two people in the bed, he wants to hit them.
I don't know if they've noticed if they sleep apart that they sleep, but if they're together, all hell breaks loose.
He doesn't like them. He doesn't approve.
This, you know, is repulsive. They're disgusting.
He says, "Those kinds of people just, uh, need to be wiped from the face of the earth."
I think that we're dealing with a demon.
Comes from outside, and it comes through.
And I feel really dizzy, and I'm scared.
This thing is really powerful.
It's so angry, like, boom.
The dead people do whatever the demon wants them to do.
So it's this demon that's trying to possess the kids?
Yes.
: As soon as I got to town, I called a bunch of locals trying to see if anyone could help me out with my investigation.
A local archaeologist just called back and said one of the original owners of Lisa and Jennifer's property has a wild and tragic story that ended in bloodshed.
So, Johnney, you mentioned on the phone, one of the original owners of my client's property had an interesting story I'm gonna want to hear about.
Who was he?
The original landowner was a man by the name of Abner Jackson, and he was a planter that came to Texas originally from Georgia and settled on this property.
And through various business deals, he was able to mortgage this property owned by someone else to various people so that he could acquire money to actually buy the property from the original landowner.
Okay. So this guy did a scam deal?
Correct.
Okay.
So we know this guy's a swindler.
Do you know anything else about him?
He married a wealthy widow from South Carolina.
Her name was Margaret.
And Margaret and Abner had five children.
Okay.
In 1857, things really begin to become very interesting.
Margaret dies, and Abner takes this opportunity to bring the family together and convinces them that they should not take their mother's inheritance.
So this guy swindled his kids, too?
Correct. By 1860, he has 285 slaves, 6,000 acres in three different plantations, which makes him the second-largest slave owner in the state of Texas.
In 1861, the Civil War starts.
The sons all go off to war, and at the end of the year, Abner Jackson comes down with malaria.
And he dies.
: This demon... it comes through the back, and it'll come right in.
And I feel like there's a lot of activity that happens in this area because of this kind of path that this thing takes.
When it comes in from outside, it's angry.
It's just like [Imitates explosion]
Goes, "I'm gonna [Bleep] tear your [Bleep] apart."
Oh, I don't feel good.
It doesn't want me to come out here.
It's like, "Don't you dare."
Doesn't want me to go there because we'll find it, and it feels very threatened if we do that.
It goes after weaknesses, whether it's physical or emotional or mental.
It finds it, and that's how it makes you weak.
[Sighs]
I feel really sick and weak right now, so...
[Sighs]
So what happens to the plantation after Abner dies?
The eldest son, John, gets sick and returns from the war, and he operates the plantations, all three properties, throughout the Civil War.
Okay. So what about the other sons?
Two of the sons died during the war.
Okay.
The third, George, comes back after the war, and he wants his share of his inheritance.
John basically says, "Why should I give you anything?"
Okay.
So they get into an argument here on the plantation.
John gets really upset with George, and he beats him with a whip.
[Scoffs]
George sues for his share of the inheritance.
And he wins his case, and he gets the Lake Jackson plantation.
So that means George gets the property that my client's house now sits on.
That is correct.
Did they live in harmony after that, or what?
No. No.
In 1867, this came to a head.
John came over to ask his brother to come in to a business deal with him.
Okay.
And George said, "No. I don't want to do that."
So they got into an argument.
Okay.
And John said, "Then I'm gonna whip you just like I whipped you before."
George loses it, pulls out a revolver, and at point-blank range shoots John in the chest six times.
He shoots him?
Kills him.
All right.
So did the shooting actually happen right here on the property?
Yes, sir.
It did.
George is indicted, but he's never brought to trial.
He develops tuberculosis, and he dies in Galveston.
How old was he when he died?
George was 29 years old when he died.
Like Cain and Abel.
Very much so.
: Creepy guy... He's not good.
I think he killed someone when he was alive.
I think he might have killed several people.
Any idea when this was?
I think that he was from a long time ago, I think before these houses were built.
And he owned this property, this land.
And this is his property, and what he says goes.
If you need us to investigate unexplained activity in your home, go to the "Dead Files" page at travelchannel.com.
Click on "Help Me, Dead Files!" to submit your story, and we'll help if we can.
: So far, I know my client's property was home to hundreds of slaves and was the site of a brutal family fight that ended in murder.
But I need to see if there's anything else that could help my case.
Searching through old records, I find out after the Jacksons sold the land, it became a prison camp.
And the conditions there were terrible.
I'm on my way to meet with a former corrections officer who says that torture and abuse were just the beginning of the story.
: So, Reginald, what'd you find out about this prison camp?
: Well, after the Civil War, the state had to come up with a way to get free labor back.
And they came up with this ingenious idea of using inmate labor as another form of slave labor.
So it was like slavery all over again.
Exactly.
So in 1872, the Jackson family lost their property.
Okay.
And at the same time, it was a company called Ward and DeWitt.
And the state said "We have these individuals, and we need to farm them out."
And that's what they did.
They leased the prisoners from this prison unit in Huntsville.
So I read that the abuse was pretty bad there.
How bad did it get?
They beat them. They scald them.
They whooped them.
These guys were dying from scurvies and malnutrition, and it was just a terrible scene there.
Basically treated like animals.
Yes.
It got so bad that these guys would cut their fingers off to keep from having to work.
Some would cut the tendons in their ankles so that they wouldn't be able to walk.
Left hand chopped off to the second joint.
Some even to the extreme of suicide.
Wow.
And when they would run, they would be shot on the spot, and they didn't have the decency to a proper burial.
So they'd just turn over a little soil and put the dead body in there.
And then, they continued to move forward.
Okay, so I can assume the property I'm investigating has dead bodies from during this time period.
No doubt.
There's a man, like, a man on the ground.
His ear... his ear hurts so bad.
He worked nearby.
He had to wear a uniform of some kind.
Do you know what happened?
It's dark.
It's dirt and grass.
I think people were chasing.
He's very confused.
I think he got attacked.
Very, very painful death.
Very, very [Bleep] painful death.
He's dying. He's dying.
He's dying.
Ah!
Oh [Bleep] There's a neck thing.
Oh [Bleep] [Sighs]
During my walk, I saw several disturbing scenes, but the creepy guy trying to posses the girl in the green room had me the most concerned.
: There was a little girl that was in the bed, and there was this thing next to her.
It had big eyes, weird, bulging.
And they were glowing, and its mouth was all of these really sharp, like, teeth.
Amy, is this what you saw?
Yes. That's what I saw.
: Now that Amy and I have completed our investigations, we're ready to reveal our findings to each other and our clients for the first time.
Well, Amy, I'd like you to meet Lisa and Jennifer.
They live in this house together and have been going through a horrible time here.
But that's not why they called us in.
This is why they called us in.
They're raising four beautiful kids here.
This is Gary Paul, who's 12.
This is Ayden, who's 13.
This is Victoria, who's 11, who has special needs.
This is Jillian, who's an adorable 4-year-old.
These guys are desperate.
They think the kids are in danger and have no idea how to fight it.
Oh, how long have you all lived here?
Five years.
When did you start noticing the strange things?
Almost immediately.
Okay.
This was an extremely intense walk.
I actually was frightened several times, and I very rarely get unnerved.
When I first arrived, I saw this male, and he's a conscious dead person.
I thought perhaps there was some kind of relationship with somebody who's alive in the house.
I thought maybe in his 30s, and I got that he killed himself with a gunshot to the head.
He's concerned about somebody in the house.
He's reliving his death over and over, and he's aware of what's going on around him.
And he's trying to help, but he's very limited because he is in a lot of physical pain.
And that makes it very difficult for him to focus.
I was hoping we wouldn't have to discuss this at the table, but... Jennifer, if you don't mind, would you tell Amy about your brother?
My brother committed suicide.
And... how I met Lisa was through my brother.
They were best friends.
He came to me in a dream not too long ago and said I need to get Lisa and the babies out of the house.
You know, we had our suspicions, but it's just painful to hear that he's not rested.
It's been... a long time, and, you know, you just want them to be at peace.
And to find out he's not...
It's very sad.
He'd give the shirt off his back for anybody.
And he knew the kids.
He was a protector.
I want him to be at peace.
I don't want him suffering or hurting.
Anything else on your walk?
I encountered another dead male, and I saw that he was a very big problem here.
I was seeing, like, this weird dual personality with him, where it would be, like, this is how he was in life.
And then, he would morph into this really awful-looking, creepy thing with these teeth and these eyes.
The first location that I saw there being incidents was in the master bedroom.
He's looking at the bed, and he's like, "I hate the people who sleep in that bed."
He said, "What they're doing is sick and disgusting.
Those kinds of people need to be wiped away from the face of the earth."
I felt that it's possible that the living might feel his attacks because he seems like a physical guy.
Might feel him jumping on the bed.
I was sleeping, and something got on top of me and was, like, like, on my chest.
And I was trying to fight it.
Mm-hmm.
And then, I passed out, but when I woke back up, there were scratches and bruises all over my chest.
Did it say anything?
It said, "My name's Demas."
And what other room'd you see this guy attack?
The second place that I saw physical attacks going on was in the room with the bunk beds.
That's Ayden's room.
And what I saw in there was a direct line from the nasty guy to the person in the top bunk.
The creepy guy was trying to wake him up by taking his hand and putting it in his mouth and, like, pulling on his jaw and trying to make him talk.
And it was... seemed to be very direct, like, attack on this person.
Tell Amy about the time with Ayden where he woke up and the shirt was being pulled.
He said that, like, his shirt was being pulled out, away from his body, like somebody was pulling on it.
Didn't he black out and attack you?
He, all of a sudden, had, like, this outburst of, like, anger.
And he started hitting me and kicking me.
I don't know what happened, but that was not my son.
Now, this thing you saw... was this a person at one time?
Uh, yes.
All right.
So who is this [Bleep] You know anything about them?
He lived here a long time ago.
He owned all this land.
He was not a good man when he was alive and that I did, in fact, see him, like, kill a few people when he was alive.
Well, [Chuckles] it reminds me of somebody that actually was one of the original owners of the property.
Now, back in the 1840s, a guy named Abner Jackson settled onto the land with his family.
This is Abner.
Wow.
The thing was this wasn't his land.
What he did was he just settled on it and pretended it was.
And then, he mortgaged it to other people, and with the money he got from them, he winds up owning over 6,000 acres and 3 plantations, 285 slaves.
He was the second-largest owner of slaves in Texas at the time.
1861, the war breaks out, and Abner's four sons go off to war.
Now, about that time, Abner dropped dead of malaria within two days, but he drops dead without a will.
His oldest son, John, got sick, and they released him on medical discharge.
And he came back, took over, and started running the plantation.
I got a map that'll give you an idea what I'm talking about.
Your house is right about here.
Plantation house was right about here, where these marks are.
So it's very short distance.
During the war, two of John's other brothers died.
One other brother, George, survived and came home, and he wanted a piece of the action.
John told him, "Forget about it.
You're not getting anything."
John got to the point where they started a physical fight, and he whipped his brother.
So George sues him, and he wins.
He gets the property you guys are on.
Little time later, John decides, "Well, you know, I got a business deal for my brother, and I'm gonna try to hook him into going into business with me."
Comes over here with his horse, gets into an argument with him right in front of the house.
And George pulls out a gun and shoots him six times right in the chest, kills his own brother.
Wow.
You think George could be this creepy guy?
No. It's this guy.
I just want to know what his deal is with Ayden.
The next thing that happened was I went into the green room.
That's Tori's room.
I saw a living girl sitting up in the bed.
That was another person of interest for him, and she had dark-brown hair.
He was trying to possess her and take over her.
This seemed to me that she's been influenced pretty successfully by him.
That is pretty far along.
I thought that perhaps the living would notice some changes to her personality or behaviors.
The male that I met earlier, your brother...
 trying to protect her, but the creepy guy is much stronger than him.
You look pretty pissed.
I am.
3:00 in the morning one night, I heard her saying, "Stop! Stop! Get off me! You're hurting me! You're hurting me!"
Didn't you tell me that she told you it was a big, scary man in there?
She said he is a big, scary man, and he yells all the time.
Hmm. I did do a sketch of what I saw.
This is kind of weird.
Oh, geez.
What the [Bleep]
That would be the scary monster Jill and Tori are seeing.
No wonder our kids can't [Bleep] sleep.
They don't sleep.
'Specially Tori.
You don't [Bleep] with my kids, and this [Bleep] needs to get out of our house.
I'm afraid to ask if there was anything else.
But is there?
Yes, there was.
Then, I went into the pink bedroom, and things were not any better in there.
So that's Jillian's room.
What I heard was crying, weeping, and sobbing from the living girl.
I was getting that the living were thinking that she was just being bad, but she was really also being influenced to act out.
And in her case, it's actually not him.
 it was a little girl, who I met outside initially.
What was the reaction to the little girl?
When she was younger, she would say that there was a little girl in a red dress...
Mm-hmm.
...that played with her toys.
Wow.
This living little girl was feeling a loss of control.
She was very frightened.
She's been ripped out of that bed.
I mean, she's okay, tucked in, sleeping good.
By the time I hit our bedroom door, you hear thump.
Started screaming.
Something has ripped her out of the bed, on the floor, and it has happened more than once.
Oh, my gosh.
Okay.
[Sighs]
My belief is that there is some kind of devil here.
And it's been here for a very long time.
And it influenced the creepy guy, more than likely when he was still alive.
And it's feeding off of him in his death.
Same with the little girl, unfortunately.
And he's utilizing her soul and taking on her appearance and things of that nature.
Like, this is the frickin' devil.
I had a feeling that there was a demonic or dark spirit here.
I felt it. I'll go down fighting.
You know, I will go to the end of the world for my kids.
I will do whatever it takes.
Now, I been doing this a long time with Amy, and when you guys were telling me about the activity, I had a funny feeling this wasn't gonna be a good night.
But I never imagined this.
Now we know what you're up against.
Big question is, how do you fight it?
For that answer, I'm gonna turn it over to Amy.
Many, many people believe that there are certain areas across the world that have these gateways to Hell.
Unfortunately, I think that this is one of those places.
I think, unfortunately, the best thing to do is to get out and get out fast.
And it doesn't end there because this thing has attached to you.
You guys need someone to come and do an exorcism on each one of you.
My worst nightmare just... came true.
Need to leave quickly.
And then, you cannot come back.
Don't even come back to the frickin' area.
You need to save their souls.
: That's the worst-case scenario, period.
Amy's telling you you got to get the frig out.
What're you gonna do?
Are you guys gonna take Amy's advice?
We're gone.
Yeah, gone, like, tomorrow.
[Sighs]
What about the exorcist part?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, that's happening.
I'm sorry that it turned out to be like this.
I honestly knew.
I'll do what I have to do...
For my kids.
: The only way Lisa and Jennifer can save their family from this demon is to move as far away as possible.
If they do that and get an exorcism for every member of their family, they should be able to lead a peaceful life.
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
