: This blows.
Yeah, boss said it's just for a few days.
Movie and TV Unit's got more work than it can handle.
 I never heard of it.
It's a cop show.
Two female detectives. The acting's not bad, actually, but the writing is a joke.
Hey.
: All right, so, when these guys come through the arch, you're gonna take them at gunpoint...
(clears throat) right... there.
That's money.
Can we mark this, Joe?
Yeah. It's all yours. Thanks, guys.
Hey.
Can you believe they pay me for this?
Joe Pelligrino, police technical advisor.
Jamie Reagan. This is my partner, Eddie Janko.
So, you help the actors act like cops?
Mm-hmm.
Today's audience is pretty sophisticated, so we got to get it right.
Sounds like a pretty good gig.
Yeah, but I'd kill to be back on the job... nothing like that.
Well, hey, what'd you guys think of the scene?
Pretty good, but the two detectives were at 12 and six when they cornered the perp.
That's crossfire.
It's kind of dangerous.
Well, that, uh, blocking, it saves us two setups, and time is money.
Also, I don't think that I'd work the street in heels or a skirt that tight.
: That's a network note.
Those guys write the checks, so...
It's just not very realistic.
Yeah, well, you know, we got a saying on set: "We're not making a documentary here."
(chuckles) All right. Hey, you guys check out the chicken tacos over at craft service.
Outstanding!
And through the generosity of Sy Goodman... the NYPD Second Tour Fund will provide much needed support for officers forced to retire due to line-of-duty injuries.
From financial aid during recovery, to college tuition supplements for their families, to resources required to jump-start new careers, the fund provides a safety net for our bravest comrades that's as overdue as it is welcome.
From all of us at the NYPD, thank you.
(Goodman speaks indistinctly)
: You got it?
You good?
Frank, I got to tell you, I'm moved, I'm deeply moved.
As are we, Sy, as are we.
Honor and a privilege.
(sighs)
If... if I may?
I was just telling our PC that I'm moved.
I am deeply moved. I'm proud and... uh, filled with gratitude that I'm able to contribute, and just to play a small part in this outstanding police department.
You know what, more than that, just to... just to be able to be on the same stage with this guy.
This guy right here, salt of the earth, leader of men.
You know, when they paint his portrait... they have to put him on top of a white horse, this guy.
That's who this guy is. I... bow to no man... in my admiration... for our police commissioner, Frank Reagan.
He's got... Oh.
: Thanks for being here, everybody.
That's it for today.
♪ ♪
Detectives. What have we go?
Emily Harrison, mid-20's.
Said her boyfriend held her hostage here for 12 hours.
Any witnesses?
Roommate came home after spending the night at her boyfriend's place but didn't see anything... Guy'd already taken off.
All right, thanks.
Ms. Harrison. Detective Reagan.
This is my partner, Detective Baez.
How you feeling?
Not great.
Can you tell us what happened?
I thought he was gonna kill me.
Your boyfriend?
(crying): Yeah, he... he accused me of cheating.
Which is crazy.
When I asked him to leave, he hit me, and then he... he handcuffed me to the bed.
Did he sexually assault you, Emily?
(Emily crying, sniffling)
: I begged him to stop.
(Emily shudders, sighs)
I said no.
I said no over... and over and over.
Can you tell us his name?
Brandon Mitchell.
Any idea where we could find him?
Yeah, he hangs out at the... at the Bengal Lounge, just a few blocks from here.
He practically lives there.
(whispers): Okay.
Let's get her to the hospital, all right?
(quietly): Get a rape kit going, ASAP.
What do you think?
(sighs)
Let's go get this son of a bitch.
♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
Spread out.
♪ ♪
Brandon Mitchell.
Can I help you?
Excuse us, ladies.
Sorry to break up the party.
Something wrong, Officers?
Detectives.
And do you know Emily Harrison?
Yeah.
When's the last time you saw her?
Actually, I was at her place earlier today.
Any problems between the two of you?
Not that I'm aware of.
She's in the hospital right now.
Do you know anything about that?
What for? Sorry, what does this have to do with me?
: Well, we were hoping you would tell us that.
'Cause, see, according to Emily, you held her hostage, handcuffed her, beat her and raped her inside her own apartment.
I'm not sure what Emily told you, but everything that happened in that apartment was completely consensual.
She said she was afraid for her life.
Look, uh, between us, Emily tends to be a little bit of a drama queen.
You mind putting your hands on the table?
Flat on the table.
Palms down.
: Those bruises don't exactly look consensual.
Step away from the table.
Come on.
Let's go.
You're under arrest. Hands behind your back.
(handcuffs clicking)
Go.
Hey, whoa. Easy.
: I didn't know he was gonna give a speech.
Look, I like Sy, and I appreciate his generosity, but as you know, I have a policy against boosters attending public functions at One PP.
: For $5 million, on top of all he's already given, I called an audible.
Why would you call an audible?
Because he asked. He doesn't ask for much. I...
What's the big deal?
It was embarrassing.
He paid you a compliment.
A compliment's one thing. This was like pouring syrup all over me.
That's just his style.
Well, it's not mine, and it certainly has no place in our press room.
And there's no such thing as a free lunch.
Meaning?
Meaning Sy Goodman also has homes in East Hampton, Aspen and Jupiter, Florida.
All of which have police departments which would welcome his generosity with open arms.
Point taken.
Thank you. Once in a while, you got to take one for the team...
Even you.
But in the future, please manage our joint appearances to embrace the fact that I am uncomfortable with public displays of affection.
Without insulting him? How would I do that?
Carefully.
(sighs)
And why are you tagging along?
Uh, don't shoot the messenger, but Sy Goodman just got pulled over for speeding on the Deegan about an hour ago.
Okay. Well, thankfully, that is well below my pay grade.
Yeah, well, not this time.
He was clocked doing 95, under lights and siren, in a blacked-out Ford Police Interceptor Utility.
Where did he get that?
I don't know. Also, with a 357 Magnum in a custom holster on the center console.
What?!
For which he has a premise permit but not a carry permit.
He also played your courtesy card with the arresting officer.
Look, boss, Goodman and his pals do a hell of a lot of good.
I mean, no way I swing college for my two kids without him.
Well, that does not change the fact that citizens traveling under lights and siren is against the law, not to mention packing a handgun.
I get it. But nothing happened but a traffic stop.
And we're all set up to just... look the other way.
Actually, we're not. There's already a picture of Goodman and the cop on the Post's Web site.
What?
What's the headline again?
"Reagan pal's wild ride."
(takes deep breath)
(exhales)
We did a little digging, Brandon.
Your old man's got his own hedge fund, huh?
That's some serious cash.
Which is relevant to this situation how?
We know what your dad does, Brandon. How about you?
Oh, I'm the black sheep who squanders his father's fortune and sullies his good name.
Then you got three priors for assaulting women.
I'd say that does make you a black sheep.
Those were misunderstandings.
Like Emily Harrison?
Emily may look innocent, but trust me, she isn't.
Meaning she likes it rough.
So being tied up, beaten and raped was her idea?
That's not what happened.
: Let's just say that Emily was a willing participant in you assaulting her and holding her hostage for 12 hours.
Why would she then turn around and call 911?
You guys realize you're not the only ones who know how to do a Google search?
My father is worth $3 billion.
Emily asked me for a little bit of money, I said no, she got upset, here we are.
Well, now it all makes sense.
You're the victim in this thing.
Yep, happens all the time.
Pro athletes, celebrities... If you've got money, you're a target.
I'd feel real bad for you if I believed a damn word you've said.
I think I'll call my lawyer now.
(sighs)
What I want to know is, why do they shoot everything, like, 20 times?
I'm still trying to figure out what everybody does and why there's so many of them.
Well, it's probably a union thing.
You guys are real cops, right?
It's tough to tell around here.
Yeah, we're the real deal.
Did you watch the rehearsal of the next scene?
Where we run into the burning meth den and bust the gang bangers?
Yeah, we saw it.
Would we really do that?
Well... it's like you guys say, it's not like you're shooting a documentary.
(scoffs) I knew it.
These writers are so full of it.
In reality, unless there was hostages or bystanders in danger, you and Dempsey would just let the fire force the suspects out of the building, then arrest them.
I'm Dempsey.
Right. Sorry.
I'm in awe of what you guys do.
The risks you take.
You're true heroes.
Thanks.
But seriously, I have no idea how you live on that crap money they pay you.
How you feeling, Emily?
Um, okay.
They gave me a little something to help me fall asleep.
Does your family know you're here?
No. I haven't called them.
I'm not really ready.
Well, we arrested Brandon Mitchell, Emily.
And the DA is prepared to throw the book at that scumbag.
And I appreciate that, but I have decided not to press charges.
We know you've been through a lot, but Brandon is a bad guy.
You can't let him get away with what he did to you.
I can't sit in a courtroom and tell a room full of strangers what happened to me.
I can't do that.
I'm sorry. I just...
I just want to get on with my life.
: 
 against Mitchell.
Well, the bottom line is it's her call.
Well, it's the wrong call.
That b*st*rd needs to pay for what he did.
I'm not happy about it either, okay?
But everything she said in there was true.
What?
Well, Brandon Mitchell is a scumbag, but he's a rich scumbag. With a pricey lawyer.
And this is ultimately a he-said, she-said domestic violence case.
So he should just get a pass.
No, he shouldn't get a pass, but you and I both know that he probably will.
But not until after a long, drawn-out and ugly trial, in which Emily gets dragged through the mud.
So if she wants to walk away from it, it's her call.
Come on. You can't possibly be surprised.
I'm not surprised; I'm pissed off.
Well, without the victim's testimony, you can't blame the riding DA for not wanting to prosecute.
Even if the guy is a scumbag, like Brandon Mitchell happens to be.
But the guy's got two years on the job and a major attitude.
And he tells me the case is a sure loser.
He's right; it is.
Whatever.
If we pulled a female DA, I'm thinking Mitchell gets charged.
Seriously?
You think a man can understand what Emily went through?
Probably not, but there's still not enough evidence for a conviction.
We'll see about that.
: Hey.
Hey. What are you doing here?
You didn't tell him?
Tell me what?
I asked Erin to review Emily's case.
Interesting.
It's part of my job to review the decisions of my riding DAs.
Yeah, that's fine.
It's just that I'm usually looped-in on things like that.
So what did you think, Erin?
I read the file.
I get why my office declined to prosecute.
Hmm. Like I said.
But Mitchell has three prior collars for assaulting women.
And all three victims withdrew their complaints.
Sounds familiar.
Your office does prosecute domestic violence cases where the victim refuses to testify.
Yes.
But evidence-based prosecution is challenging.
The jury likes to have a face to the crime.
No face, no case.
So Brandon just walks away. Again.
Not without a fight.
It will be a heavy lift, but I'm charging Mitchell with unlawful imprisonment, kidnapping and first degree rape by forcible compulsion.
Thank you.
What the hell were you two thinking?
Well, what's the problem?
Did you tell Ariel that real cops would never run into the burning building?
In that scenario, it would be idiotic.
Idiotic? Okay, for your information, the script was carefully vetted for accuracy.
By who?
Whom?
Me. And who the hell told you you could speak to the actors?
She came to talk to us.
That's no excuse.
I had to rewrite the entire meth den sequence.
We ate a tecnocrane...
And now, I've got an entire stunt crew sipping cappuccino on golden time.
We really didn't mean to cause you guys any problems.
That changes nothing.
I've got a Prism award and two Humanitas honorable mentions.
I don't need a couple of beat cops telling me how to write my script.
Hey, Ariel and Kirsten want to discuss the scene.
Perfect.
That guy plays poker with the show-runner.
You two really screwed me here.
Look, we're really sorry; it was not intentional.
Cross me again, you're off this set.
That's not really your call.
Well, then I'll talk to your commander.
I think you mean commanding officer?
Whatever.
(knocking on door, then door opens)
Sir.
I know.
Frank.
Sy.
Please don't do that.
Okay.
(door closes)
Thanks for coming up.
Listen, Frank. I'm, uh, I'm sorry.
From the bottom of my heart, I'm really sorry.
I know you are.
I never in a million years want to put you in a position.
I know that.
Please, sit.
This is nice, huh?
Thank you. It's new.
Yeah, it'd look good in my office.
Do you know where you got it?
Uh, not off-hand, but I could find out for you, Sy.
Very nice.
They're all business, but they... still, they come with a... good amount of support, right?
(sighs)
Sy.
I need you to surrender your pistol permit.
Ah. Really?
Yes. As I'm sure you're aware, your premises permit only allows you to have a weapon in your home, not riding shotgun with you, speeding up the Deegan.
You ever been car-jacked, Frank?
No.
I have; in Miami.
Not something you soon forget.
No, you do not soon forget that.
Yeah, I'm, I'm sure.
You don't want to take away my right to defend myself, do you?
No. I just want you to obey New York City gun laws.
You know that check from yesterday?
You can't just go deposit that.
I know that.
I mean, you know, it's kind of a symbol.
The actual money comes in a wire transfer.
Yes.
And the other money I give, money I raise, I don't just go out in my backyard and shake a money tree, you know, I work for that money... hard.
I appreciate your generosity.
You know that.
Then show me the respect.
By disrespecting the law?
By doing a good friend a favor.
It's made the papers; it's out of my hands.
(sighs)
You have ways.
You need to tread lightly here.
I will do what I can without compromising this office.
(sighs)
Actions speak louder than words.
I told the police I don't want to press charges against Brandon.
This is a criminal case, Emily.
You don't press charges, we do.
And it's the opinion of this office that Mr. Mitchell is a threat to the community.
We intend to prosecute him for what he did to you.
Well, I won't testify.
I don't claim to understand what you've been through.
But I know if it happened to me, I would do anything to make sure that Brandon Mitchell paid for his crimes.
I know it's the right thing to do.
It's just that...
Will you excuse us for a moment?
Sure thing.
(door closes)
What happened at my apartment is more complicated that I told the police.
Complicated how?
Brandon was... into things that I had never tried before.
Like bondage?
I let him handcuff me.
We had done it a few times.
But this time was different.
I mean, he started calling me horrible names, and hitting me.
It was like he was a different person.
But the truth is... that I let him do this to me.
So you think because you initially consented, that you're responsible for what happened?
Emily, when things started to go bad, did you make it clear to Brandon that you wanted him to stop?
(crying): A hundred times.
That makes him a rapist.
Listen to me.
What happened to you is not your fault.
That may be right, but all that horrible stuff is gonna come out at the trial.
In the newspapers.
Emily.
I'm sorry.
Ms. Reagan, I can't do this.
If you think of anything else, please give us a call.
Spoke to the super. There's nothing on the security cameras.
Well, it was worth a try, Danny.
Hey, if you say so.
What's going on with you? I'm sick of this attitude.
We'll get other cases to work. And, besides, there's no point chasing our tail on this one anymore.
Maybe you didn't hear, but your sister is charging Brandon Mitchell.
Well, that's because you pushed the case.
And without even checking with me...
Last time I checked, my shield is just as gold as yours.
That's not what I meant.
No, you've been very clear from the beginning that you don't think this case is worth pursuing, but I do.
I don't need your permission.
It's not about what I think.
It's about how the system works.
No, Danny, it's about taking a rapist off the streets.
I shouldn't have to tell you that.
(elevator dings)
Where you goin'?
I'm going to the hospital to question the doctors and nurses that treated Emily.
Come on. I'll drive you.
No, I'll walk. I could use some fresh air.
(sniffles) My name is, um, Emily Harrison.
Uh, my boyfriend... (sniffles) attacked me.
He held me prisoner. Please send someone before he comes back.
I'm afraid he's gonna kill me... (crying)
Ms. Harrison made that 911 call moments after you left her apartment, Mr. Mitchell.
Ms. Harrison dropped her complaint against my client.
So, why exactly are we here?
Because Mr. Mitchell has a nasty habit of brutally assaulting women.
Never been convicted of a crime.
Always a first time.
The victim wants no part of the prosecution.
Victims can change their mind.
Emily is no victim.
Regardless of how the encounter started, the moment Ms. Harrison said no, your actions became unlawful.
Good luck proving that without victim testimony.
In addition to the 911 tape, we have compelling medical evidence of abuse, the injuries to Mr. Mitchell's hands.
And a statement from Emily's roommate.
: Who saw no criminal acts.
The injuries on both my client and Ms. Harrison prove nothing, and the 911 tape is pure theatrics.
Your client has never stood trial, Counselor.
By the time I'm done with him, the jury's gonna see him for exactly who he is, a smug, spoiled sociopath.
Brandon...
I don't have to listen to this!
You're gonna want to calm down.
Your client has quite the temper.
Jury's gonna smell that.
We're willing to drop the imprisonment and kidnapping charges if Mr. Mitchell pleads guilty to first degree rape.
Drop the rape charge.
We'll plead to misdemeanor assault. No jail time.
That's a joke.
You're not the only one who can work a jury, Ms. Reagan.
Even if Ms. Harrison testifies, I'll paint her as a predatory sexual fetishist looking for a pay day.
I actually thought that last rewrite worked pretty well.
Wasn't that building supposed to be on fire?
They add that later.
: Glad I caught you guys.
Look, uh, I wanted to apologize.
I know you were just trying to help.
No problem.
Thing is, with these Hollywood types, you always got to watch your back.
Is that right?
Oh, you have no idea.
The only thing you can't get on a TV set is a straight answer.
Well, you should fit right in then.
What's that supposed to mean?
I made a few calls. Turns out you were never even on the job with the NYPD.
That explains why you're not making a documentary around here.
Far as I can tell, you were in Cranford, New Jersey, as a patrol officer for eight months before you got fired, after which you worked security at the Willowbrook Mall.
I always felt safe shopping there.
Look, guys, I'm begging you, don't blow the whistle.
I really need this job.
We're not trying to jam you up.
This is our last day on this assignment.
But millions of people watch this show, and that affects how they look at real cops.
Yeah, it'd be nice if you tried to get it right.
: So you actually got to watch them shoot 
Yep.
Did you get to meet Ariel Rice?
Oh, I met her, all right.
Was she hot in person?
Lovely.
No, no, no, wait, wait, was she just hot or was she smokin' hot?
She's very pretty.
Did you get her number?
Kirsten's way hotter. Right, Dad?
No, son. Neither of those two could hold a candle to your mother. Mmm.
Smart man.
(chuckling)
I'm sure they're very intelligent and talented women, boys.
I've watched the show.
I'd stick with "smokin' hot."
(chuckling)
Hey, Grandpa, Yeah.
That rich guy who was caught speeding around in a fake cop car, is he really a pal, like the news said?
No, he is not a pal.
He is a friend of the NYPD though.
But isn't what he did against the law?
Oh, yeah.
Guys like Sy Goodman give a ton of money to the NYPD.
Yeah, and they don't have to.
He appreciates us, and he puts his money where his mouth is.
That doesn't mean he should be above the law.
He was issued a citation.
Whereas anyone else would've been taken into custody and charged with reckless driving and criminal impersonation.
That would depend on the arresting officer.
Who was smart enough to know that he's got friends at 1PP and friends for good reason.
Uh-huh.
There were consequences. I personally pulled his premises firearms permit.
: Did he... threaten the officer?
No, uh, it was, um, a technical thing. Kind of a thin reason to pull a permit from a Sy Goodman.
Well, he's still a civilian.
A civilian who does a lot of good for cops.
: Yeah, he does. And cultivating guys like him is an important part of the PC's job, whether he likes it or not.
You got something you want to say, Pop?
I just said it.
: You know, we're lucky.
Most police families live modest lives.
Something happens to them, it's men like Sy Goodman that make all the difference.
So just because he supports the NYPD, he can break the law whenever he feels like it?
No.
Certainly sounds like it.
Next time a cop needs a bulletproof vest, are you gonna buy it?
Or, uh, he needs a surgery and his, uh, insurance won't cover it or his kid needs special schooling, are you gonna write the check?
Pop is right, Nicky.
We have to extend a few courtesies to a guy like Sy Goodman for what he does.
It's a small price to pay.
Boy, where did that come from?
Six years on the job.
You know, in a perfect world, uh, which this is not, cops would get paid a hell of a lot more for what they do and the risks they take.
And, Nicky, with someone like, uh, Sy Goodman, it's just not black and white.
It's, uh... kind of gray.
Yeah, I-I understand.
Thank you for your call.
Sounds like bad news.
Judge Brenner just dismissed the charges on Mitchell based on legal insufficiency.
Mmm. So Brandon Mitchell walks, huh?
Again.
Mm-hmm. Hate to say it, but...
I did tell you so.
What's your problem, Danny?
What are you talking about?
How many times have you begged me to pursue a long-shot prosecution because you wanted justice for a victim?
Well, that was different, Erin, 'cause, you see, in those cases, the victim was willing to step up and take the stand.
Emily Harrison was raped and beaten.
She's traumatized and scared.
I get it.
Do you?
Because you really aren't acting like it.
Look, even if this thing goes to trial, you and I both know that without Emily's testimony, Mitchell's hotshot lawyer will get him off.
You're probably right.
But our job is to pursue justice for victims (sighs) who have nowhere else to turn.
You know who taught me that?
You did.
What do you want me to say?
Hmm? I mean, you do realize that I was just investigated for shooting a serial killer, right?
I mean, a serial killer, Erin.
I didn't get a thank you or a "whew, thank goodness he's off the street."
I almost lost my gun and my shield!
Who's to say it's gonna be any different now?
What happened to you, Danny, wasn't fair.
But it's also not Emily Harrison's fault.
She deserves justice.
(door opens, shuts)
(sighs)
Appreciate you seeing me.
I was surprised to hear from you, Detective.
I understand Brandon won't be facing charges.
Yeah, that's right.
So why did you want to see me?
Well, I've been thinking a lot about your case.
(chuckles)
Think I might've let you down.
How?
Well, I knew it was gonna be tough to nail Mitchell for this.
Especially after I refused to testify.
But that's no excuse.
I should've tried harder.
I guess sometimes when you've been doing this as long as I have, you... you get hung up on the way you think things are gonna turn out in the end.
Well, I guess I did the same thing.
Looks like we were both right.
Brandon did get away with it.
You see, that's the thing, Emily.
We weren't right.
We had a shot of getting this son of a bitch off the street.
And even though it was a long shot, we should've took it.
Well, it's too late now.
Stanford & Tate.
Excuse me?
The furniture.
Oh.
Stanford & Tate.
Sy?
Yeah.
When you... hugged me at the press conference, um, if it showed that I was uncomfortable, I apologize.
Oh, it didn't. I mean, I-I'm sorry if in any way that I...
Oh, no, you don't have anything to be sorry about.
You were being very gracious and, as always, generous.
It's... just, uh, kind of one of my things.
It's a thing?
Well, ever since I was ten or so, I have gone to heroic lengths to avoid having a birthday party or anything that, uh, focuses the attention on me.
Just a thing. I don't know.
You're sharing this with me because?
Because I'd like us to have some coin with each other that isn't just based on money.
But it is just based on money, isn't it?
But the real inner circles are drawn from not just money.
Well, what-what then?
Sometimes brutal honesty.
Uh-huh.
When my cops, when... they see or hear about, oh, say, a civilian driving a boss's car, the lights, the sirens, the badges... they feel like they're being made fun of, and, in a way, disrespected.
I meant no disrespect when that happened.
You would have no way of knowing that to them it seems that the tools that they use to serve and protect are being hijacked to jump traffic to the ballgame or the concert, or to flash a cannon to settle a beef that should have been settled with a 911 call?
And it... makes them feel the opposite of how I know you want them to look at you.
I do. I see. I-I just...
I never thought of it like that.
And that's what the real inner circles are all about.
Yeah, I know it. Thank you, Frank. I'm...
I'll lose the lights, I'll lose the sirens.
(sighs)
(places something on table, taps table)
I am returning... your premises permit.
Maybe upgraded to a concealed carry?
The incident requires us to put a pin in that for a while.
Okay. Well, I've taken up enough of your time.
Good.
(sighs)
Oh, uh, listen.
This Saturday, we're gonna be throwing a big barbecue at the East Hampton house.
A lot of people I'd love you to meet.
Southside Johnny and the Asbury Jukes are gonna be playing.
I'd love to.
I really would.
I don't know.
(crowd chatter)
(lively chatter)
(lively chatter, dance music playing)
Fancy meeting you here.
Hey.
I want you to know that, um, I'm real sorry about what happened.
Well, that's in the past. I've moved on.
In that case, can I buy you a drink?
Yeah, why not?
You know, Emily, I really do care about you.
Uh-huh.
I want to talk about what happened.
Just not here. Someplace quiet.
Can we maybe go back to your place?
Okay.
: Here they come.
(sighs)
I'm really glad we're doing this.
Oh, we should talk about what happened.
Oh, so talk.
Maybe I pushed things a little too far.
Admit it.
Enjoyed yourself a little bit?
Come on.
You liked being treated like a little whore.
You and I both know that's what you really are.
The night is young.
We got so much catching-up to do.
(gasps)
You remember these?
You and me...
We're gonna have one hell of a night.
(handcuffs clinking)
You ready to party?
(sighs)
(laughs)
What's so funny?
Oh.
Why don't we ask the detectives?
Detective Reagan? Detective Baez?
Damn it.
Getting all this?
(Danny stomps)
You didn't really think that I'd fall for such any easy set-up, did you?
I'm assuming I'm free to go?
Get the hell out of here.
(sighs)
I'm really sorry.
It's not your fault.
(sighs)
Wanted to see us, Sarge?
(sighs)
: Is everything okay, Mr. Klein?
Pollen count's killing me. Otherwise, it's another day in paradise.
Something we can help you with?
We had to fire Joe Pelligrino this morning.
Did you find out he never worked for the NYPD?
Really?
Really.
Huh.
No, we actually canned him because he was sexually harassing the extras, but the fake cop thing... That's bad, too.
So, why are you here?
Because we need a new tech adviser.
What do you say, Officer Reagan?
What, me?
Ariel likes you and, unless this is all an elaborate ruse, you actually do work for the NYPD.
Yeah, but I'm not looking to quit and start a new career.
Thank you for the offer, though.
You read a few scripts, you, uh, give a few notes, you show 'em how to hold a gun.
We'll throw in a featured recurring extra role and a co-producer credit.
So what do you say, Officer Reagan?
I'll stick to being a cop.
Something tells me it's safer.
Suit yourself.
Taking off.
Have a good weekend.
You too. Plans?
Big plans.
Party in the Hamptons.
You?
A barbecue for Sy Goodman.
Oh.
200 of his friends dying to meet me.
Want to come?
Uh, I could try to move a few things around.
That's okay, you have your weekend.
That's my job.
I'll take one for the team.
You sure?
I'm sure.
'Night, boss.
But Garrett?
Team's gonna owe me one.
Yes, sir, I'll get the word out to the team.
Got to run.
(door closes)
I'll bet.
(sighs)
♪ ♪
I, uh, don't think I've seen you here before.
It's my first time.
It's a cool place.
A lot cooler now that you're here.
(soft chuckle)
You know, I don't think that's the guy you want to be hanging out with.
I'm a cop.
I'm just saying.
He likes to assault women.
Brutally.
That is a good plan.
Smart girl.
Do you intend to follow me around 24/7, Detective?
No. I don't need to.
You see, when a guy like you walks, word gets around.
Thank you.
And there are about 30,000 cops in this city.
So, you never know when one's gonna be watching you.
We'll see you around.
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
