Well, I loved the movie. The movie was fantastic and Bradley was so incredible.
We had talked about it a lot, actually, once the movie had been successful, that there seems like such a potential for more story.
: 
 is an interesting and fun challenge.
You have to put your finger 
 while bringing it into a structure that can support a weekly format.
: We're rolling.
: Shall we take it from the top?
Yeah. Why not?
[LAUGHTER]
Aren't we at the top?
: 
I think that was the joy of reading the script is to see where this timeline starts in succession with where the movie stops.
One really interesting thing about the film is Bradley Cooper's character.
 and had people's best interests in mind, but there was something nefarious.
We did look back a lot at the movie for touchstones, 
 and said, "Do what you need to do to make the show good 
But also because we very quickly started feeling confident that the story that we were telling didn't do a disservice to the movie 
Every show, especially when it's coming from source material, needs to kind of find its own voice eventually, 
When Craig created Brian Finch, he created him almost as not Eddie Morra.
 the TV show is so different than 
 the movie.
: 
Nobody else could figure out what was wrong with my father. Why can't I?
: 
There's a tremendous amount of action but a tremendous amount of heart.
I would say, like the movie, it's a hard thing to pin down.
It is dramatic, but it's also action-packed, and it also has a sort of a quirky side.
Excuse me, everyone, I'm robbing the place.
Sorry. Just try to stay calm.
You can hit the silent alarm now.
I think it is really sort of a fresh approach 
Bradley Cooper is an executive producer on 
What's this thing? And then bam. Yeah.
: 
 and we're thrilled to have the opportunity.
You wouldn't get to me until I say that.
He has so many great insights into how this NZT pill can affect a character, the physical properties of it and how enticing and how dangerous it is.
We'd been trying to figure out how the show could go on and have a life in a cyclical way.
We were lucky with the other collaborators to come up with an idea and, you know, see it to fruition.
It's about time you and me talked.
Even before we started developing it, we heard that Relativity, who did the movie, was thinking about shopping the rights to do a TV show.
The network was very interested in the concept and asked me to think about it, and so I created the character of Brian and they said, "We like that."
: 
 Alias 
We've worked together for a long time.
Getting to work as collaborative producers has been so great.
 to I think what ultimately became the foundation of the show.
[COUGHS]
Do you know who I am?
: 
, where we shot the pilot, and when we took off, we had no cast.
So we literally were drinking wine on the plane, "I don't know. Why are we even flying here?"
"We both have families. This is ridiculous."
 and then were able to make an offer to Jennifer when we landed.
: 
It's almost like when you hear him speak the lines, 
It's all very, very natural.
I'm not gonna take your gun. I know you'd get in trouble for that.
: 
 in his ability to play the guy who's just the down-and-out loser 
 but maybe he's not quite able to achieve it, to the guy who suddenly is more than he ever could have imagined.
 and yet find the heart and the continuity between both.
Don't move. Hands in the air.
It's really hard to find a female who is attractive and who you believe can carry a gun.
So we kept saying, for her sake even, "No, you're not gonna wanna run around on a set."
"It's like an action show with a gun." She really wanted to do it.
I mean, the way he shot her, the way he dressed her, it was pretty impressive.
: Why did you ask us to bring Eli Whitford in for questioning?
What did you expect to find in his apartment?
: 
, to have the suggestion of a life before she became a federal agent, 
, we did backflips and cartwheels because she is so naturally elegant and self-possessed.
She's fantastic and very commanding but also incredibly approachable in her character.
We reverse-engineered the compound.
The pictures on the right were taken a year into the study.
My God.
The program was called off after the first two fatalities.
They just... closed up shop?
Hill was someone who we'd been fans of for a long time.
He did 
, so obviously the network is all huge fans too.
And I remember, once we were in New York, Craig having me get on the phone and convince him and explain to him what he saw for that character, 
When you're doing a TV pilot, you get to set up a language for the show.
It's very important, I think, at the beginning of that process to create a very firm, very specific foundation for who these people are.
I think my father was on NZT that night, and if I can figure out where it comes from, maybe I can figure out what happened to him.
: 
 Limitless 
, because no city is harder on you when you're down or better on you when you're up than New York City, 
There's the scene in the movie where Eddie Morra's first taken NZT and he comes home and sees his dumpy apartment and he cleans it up and there's like 900 different versions of him.
, basically, you know, a rig set up to dolly across the entire room 
Again and again and again and again and again.
There's that dinner scene that in fact we did 36 costume changes and had to replicate what we were doing so that it has this thing of like time passing.
So we thought, "This is not a regular show. This is somewhat different."
If Brian's gonna take NZT anyway, then every time he takes it, he basically becomes the smartest person in the world.
That's a resource. Let's make it our resource.
You're talking about putting him to work?
I just remember Craig Sweeny's face when I said, "Well, after the pilot, what can happen?"
He said, "Oh, anything could happen" and his eyes just lit up.
: 
They've got names, I think. I just call them Mike and Ike.
Ike and Mike were certainly writer favorites and became fan favorites, it seemed.
: 
, we said there would be these two guys who were following Brian Finch around.
We knew that we were going to strategically withhold their names from the audience.
Oh, damn. [BLEEP] Look.
The less we told the audience, the more curious they got 
I'm not sure who got more Twitter love, Mike and Ike or Brian's sweater maybe.
Just another shift at the genius factory, boys.
Mike is strictly against the use of drugs.
I remember we auditioned with some scenes that probably were omitted later on, 
Like he had a football injury in college and they gave him oxycodone and he refused to take it, 
 because he has no inclination to do drugs at all.
I'm sorry. Uh...
Brian...
Oh, my God. Oh, my God!
: Calm down, OK?
Oh, my God!
You're totally overreacting.
I don't think we really knew where the roles were gonna go.
And you know what, if this is becoming a thing, you call him Ike.
Every twist, every rounding of a corner has been a lot of fun.
My name's Sands.
Just Sands, huh? No first name or?
We meet Sands in 103 and we sense that he's not to be trifled with.
We looked like we we're going down a certain road and then I appear, on behalf of Mr Morra, to explain that maybe we're not going down that road.
When I give you an assignment, you will do it exactly the way I tell you to.
Otherwise I will take steps to ensure that you do it correctly the next time.
It's been fun, actually, because a lot of the scenes I did with Jake are quite intense and very assertive.
There is no one you call family or friends who I can't touch.
He doesn't smile too much, which means I can do all that sort of... acting thing we do, you know what I mean?
Is everything OK here, guys?
Of course. Come, sit. We're just getting to know your new girlfriend.
When we meet her, she's playing Piper on NZT and so she is fully kind of zoned in, very similar in the way that Eddie is, on a different plane.
Over a long enough time period is he gonna become a killer?
If Morra ever finds out that you are still alive, then everything that means anything to me is gone.
They're the only people they know who can really connect to the experience of being on it.
: 
Let's just say it was a very full week.
Yeah, and they get along, you know, so, yeah, there's the camaraderie there, definitely.
Where are you going?
I can't just leave. Your mom made meatloaf.
These heroes and heroines are taken out of their lives, right?
They just have romance and work. But this has a different thing.
This has all the mess of a family as well that complicates his life.
Ten dollars? That's what you think I'm worth?
Dad, just take it. Then you'll be my lawyer and then we can talk.
First they told me he was sort of a working-class guy.
I was working class and then all of a sudden I'm a lawyer.
So that's interesting.
We will see them in court.
We will depose every last one of them and make them admit that they are running a secret medical experiment on a scared kid who actually hasn't hurt anyone.
OK, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Series are great that way, you know, if you have writers who are creative and gifted and understand the music and the rhythm 
You ran like a rabbit and now you're gonna die like a snake.
Why would I say that? That doesn't even make sense.
The show is a lot more funny and fun than the pilot, which has moments of funniness 
Episode three was our big shift into what the show is gonna actually be going forward.
Throw him to the piranhas.
No! No!
Marco Ramos never fed anyone to piranhas.
I don't think any of us knew when we started in the pilot that the show was gonna go off in the manner that it has, successfully and happily and with such imagination.
You want a what?
I want a headquarters. And it should say that on the glass outside.
"Headquarters!" With an exclamation point.
That was the first time where I was like, "Man, if we can make this work, 
,
Sometimes you read it and you're like, "People might hate this."
It was as far off the rails as we'd been in that point.
You ready?
I better get a promotion for this.
It was kind of like the first really wacky jump in our world 
, "OK, let's all take the leap. Let's go."
You know, clothing optional?
It was just so much fun to work within a large cast specifically for that episode.
You're walking a very brave path, my friend. Stick with it.
Anything we can do to help?
OK.
Acting out all those different kind of movie trailers and scenarios, that was so much fun.
We are dealing with an engineered virus. That's right, a second one.
Our only chance is to find patient zero within 24 hours.
: Break!
The comedy worked out really well.
Um...
Mm-hm?
Craig wrote a lot of really great jokes 
We actually keep a sticky note with an exclamation point outside of our writers' room, an homage to that episode.
Because the show goes in such oddball directions sometimes, if I don't stay the course on telling the truth and keep some sort of accountability to the CJC and the FBI
: 
I think that's kind of the wrestle with trying to hold on to your humanity 
Since Brian has committed to holding on and salvaging his relationships with his family, with people around him, it's ended up causing a lot of pain and discomfort in his life.
We knew there was gonna be a procedural aspect 
The whole show has surprised me.
, you'd begin a story and by the end of it, it's over.
Was I surprised Finch stayed out in the field? Of course not.
He probably heard the word "undercover" with that expression that means exclamation point.
Undercover.
It's evolved into this comedy/drama and you never know what's gonna happen week to week.
All right. Screw, marry, kill.
Um, Mike, Ike or... Taurus.
Remember, the bomb maker? Go.
There have been moments when I've thought, "Is this a frat party?"
"Is the whole thing just a giant kegger? What's going on?"
[YELLS] You chopped off my fingers!
So if I may coin a phrase... it's basically Arm-ageddon out there.
Oh, come on, guys, that's basic.
The season's been amazing.
I mean, Craig Sweeny is definitely one of the most talented writers 
He's tried a lot of riskier things with the show which in lesser hands we'd be really nervous about, but when he walks you through what it's gonna be, 
He's been right.
It's been amazing. I'm really proud of it.
: Yeah!
We told the story we wanted to tell for a season 
I feel like we closed it in a way that feels satisfying, so I'm really happy with what we came up with.
You're still here?
Show's over. Go to bed.
Go.
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
