Vincent, don't!
No.
(Vincent gasps)
You killed the deputy secretary.
Grace Rose. I'm investigating Deputy Secretary Hill.
You worked for him, right? No comment.
You Kane?
Yeah.
That's where I'm going next.
Graydal is not just your everyday security firm. They're 
(groaning)
I'm here to see his boss.
Someone, somehow is always after Vincent, but he's also running from Homeland Security, and you're enabling him.
Enabling? Cat, you're breaking the law.
This is too risky.
We have to figure this out fast, because I can't keep living like this.
(sirens blaring)
(helicopter whirring)
(whirring)
(gasps) Looking for someone?
We have to stop meeting like this.
Yeah, I know.
You sure it's safe up here?
No drones?
Safe enough for a kiss.
(laughs) Mmm.
Hey.
Yeah.
Mmm. Mmm.
Better?
Better.
Hmm. I opened a bottle.
Oh, well, either it is really safe, or you've finally had enough of saving my ass and secretly hoping you'll get me busted. (laughs)
You figured me out.
Here.
Thanks.
Cheers.
Cheers.
Just in case, I'm gonna...
Uh-uh. No, I'm telling you, I maneuvered all the spying eyes away from here. That'll teach DHS, putting me in charge of finding you.
Yeah. Well, at least now that we're both on the inside, we're one step closer to getting our lives back.
And soon.
Soon?
Very soon. Look, Graydal has just put me on the hit squad to find the beast.
Good news, right?
Um, how is this good news, exactly?
Okay, don't think hit. Think, uh, more elite.
All right, the point is, whoever hired Graydal-- they've upped the pressure.
They want a beast, and they want a beast right now.
Yeah, not reassured.
You are the beast that they're looking for, so, technically, that would mean they'd have to find you to find that beast.
Not if I find out who's behind the bounty first, right?
At least I'll know what I'm up against.
And then what?
I don't know. I'll figure out what they're after me for.
Then I'll probably kick their butts, and then, I'll rip their hearts out. The usual.
The usual?
Come on. I'm joking.
It's not funny.
I know.
Vincent, it shouldn't be this hard for us to be together after everything we've been through.
We've got to get past this.
I know, and we will, okay? We will. We are so close.
I'm not just talking about this. I'm talking about everything.
Beast hunters, manhunts, lying, hiding.
We've got to put an end to this. There's got to be a way.
(phone beeps, Vincent sighs)
I got to go. I'm sorry.
The team's assembling at the Stonefish Tavern, all right?
Okay, well, I'll try and keep the drones away from there, too.
Oh, hey. Mmm.
Mmm.
We will find a way, I promise.
(whooshing)
(sighs)
(computer trilling)
To happily ever after.
(footsteps approaching)
Agent Chandler?
I have a few questions.
Oh, crap.
Nice office.
Glad to see DHS still trusts you, all things considered.
Ms. Rose, I'm gonna have to ask you to leave.
Why is that?
Because I'm not in the mood to answer your questions.
Please.
Look, Agent Chandler, I'm not here with any cameras, okay?
It's just me, and I only want to talk, off the record.
No comment.
I know DHS is secretly after your husband because he killed Deputy Secretary Hill.
Nobody, of course, will talk on the record at DHS, but I've got my sources. Plus, it doesn't take a reporter to notice that both Hill and your husband mysteriously disappeared.
Smells like a cover-up to me.
Friendly reminder: you're talking to DHS now.
Actually, I'm hoping I'm talking to a wife.
Because I don't get the sense after everything I've learned that you're the type to betray your husband, hunt him down.
On the contrary. I'm guessing you'd do everything you could to help him, which means you must think he's innocent.
Who are you kidding? All you care about is a story.
You don't care if it's right.
You just care that it's sensational.
If that were the case, I would have already aired what I know, what I suspect.
That Vincent was part of some secret super soldier program.
That Hill went outside of DHS, possibly hired Graydal Securities to kill your husband, but Vincent killed him, instead.
How am I doing so far?
Like I said, I have my sources, but you should know I protect my sources, I protect their anonymity.
Which means, I protect you, too.
Why are you telling me this now? Why are you here?
Because I am about to air what I know, which is, whatever's going on, your husband is at the center of it all.
I got a tip about a secret Graydal meeting, one that, if I'm right, will connect an awful lot of dots.
One way or the other, Agent Chandler, I am going to tell a story, and soon.
And if your husband really is innocent, I'd think you'd want that told, too.
(door closes)
(touch tones sounding)
I need to talk to Captain Vargas now.
(chatter and laughter)
What?
(both laughing)
Hey. Hi.
Hi.
Um, do you have a minute?
Uh, no, actually, I don't.
Oh. Sorry. Sorry.
Yeah.
Is this, um...?
Alex Ellis. ADA Ellis.
Right. Nice to meet you. I'm Cat.
Tess and I used to be partners.
Yeah, before she dumped me for DHS. (laughs)
Nice to meet you, Cat. Uh, care to join us?
No, no. No, no.
She can't. She can't.
No, thank you. Although, I would like to borrow Tess for a moment if that's okay with you?
Of course. Yes.
Um, it's urgent.
Thank you.
Uh-huh.
I'll be right back.
It's fine.
Really? Really?
Grace Rose is about to expose Vincent.
Whoa, whoa.
Expose him as a fugitive, or as a beast?
Maybe both.
Somehow, she knew about the super soldier project, and that Vincent may have killed Hill, even Graydal.
If she goes public with any of those things, we are screwed!
All right, does Vincent know?
No, that's the problem.
He's in a meeting with Graydal as we speak, a meeting that, if I'm right, Grace is gonna turn into breaking news.
So, I have to get Vincent out of there, without Graydal, DHS or Grace getting suspicious.
Tess, I just... I didn't know who else to go to.
Um... You like him?
Alex?
Yeah. I mean, we've only gone on a couple of dates.
Look, you know I love JT, but I'm sorry, it's just not a life I want to keep living, not anymore.
I can't keep doing this, Cat.
I know. Me, neither.
All right, what do you need me to do?
(laughter and overlapping chatter)
: Nice going.
(whooping) Hey, man, how are you? Good to see you.
: Yeah.
: Okay, give him one.
: You don't have a drink, man. You want a drink?
: Can you get me one?
Yeah, yeah, what do you want?
(indistinct, overlapping chatter)
♪ Taking all my medicine ♪

♪ To chase the feelings... ♪

♪ Oh, yeah... ♪
You're late.
♪ I'll never be the same. ♪
Nice to see you, too, Kane.
We already started.
I'll catch up.
What's the tranq gun for? You guys gonna try and catch Bigfoot?
We don't know what we're going after exactly.
This all comes from the client, who supposedly does know.
Maybe we should've invited the client, then we would know.
What? I'd like to meet him.
We know enough.
We'd know more if you'd shut up.
Tell me, Kane, how's the jaw doing?
Huh? Still clicking when you talk, I see?
You want to go again?
All right, knock it off. We're on the clock.
Client's upped the reward to ten mil, but now he's only giving us 48 hours to find this thing. Otherwise, we lose this contract. Intel-- they sifted through everything that the bounty hunters knew before they were killed, and they've narrowed down the search area to... Midtown.
That's a... that's a huge area to cover.
So what else do you know about this thing?
You mean, other than the fact he's already taken out some of our best men?
According to the client, he's probably a military experiment gone bad. Mutated his DNA, turned him into a freak, or something, and apparently, he's got heightened senses-- eyesight, hearing.
Superhuman strength, speed.
Faster than a speeding bullet by the sounds, huh?
What do you think the nets are for?
This is not a joke, Keller.
This thing's for real, and it's deadly.
Not only do we have to find it.
We have to capture it, alive.
Why?
Above my pay grade.
You seen this guy by any chance?
Who wants to know?
I'll take that as a yes.
: Camera truck.
Hey, get the feed set up. We may be going live.
NYPD! Up against the wall!
You, let's go. Move it!
Grab the gear, get out of here, now!
: Put your hands above your head. Come on!
: NYPD! This is a raid!
Everybody freeze and get your hands up now.
What the hell is this?!
This bar is under suspicion of trafficking drugs.
Turn around, get your hands on the bar.
Everybody meet at Graydal, 0800 hours. Hurry!
Keller, now!
Wait a second. I know you.
You're captain of the 125th, Chandler's old partner.
Hey, I said turn around, now.
(grunts, gasps)
: Move it!
(panting)
(tires squeaking)
JT? Need a ride?
What the hell are you doing here, man?
Saving your ass again. Now get in, let's go!
Go!
(tires squealing, engine revving)
Whoa! Whoa! Sorry.
(tires squealing, engine revs)
(horn honking)
Sorry.
♪ Beauty and the Beast 4x09 ♪

The Getaway

Original Air Date on July 28, 2016
: 
 was about to expose you, and that I had to get you out of there as fast as possible because she couldn't.
Why?
Grace Rose.
How the hell did she know Grace was there in the first place?
Because she all but told me.
She showed up at my office, said that she knew about a secret Graydal meet, and that she was hoping to show up and turn the cameras on you.
Welcome home.
Hey.
We got to go.
Go? Go where?
Uh, by the way, you'll need gas for your trip.
Oh, and I accidentally hit a couple of garbage cans getting out of there, so...
Oh, as long as it still drives.
You might want to get something to eat.
Why? Why? Where are we going?
As far away from Grace's cameras as we can, as soon as possible.
It's only a matter of time before she shows up here looking for one of us, and she will undoubtedly think that I had something to do with the raid.
JT, can you keep an eye on Grace, make sure that she isn't following us, and find out what she really knows?
Can I use DHS surveillance?
Sure.
Are you ready?
No, I'm not ready, okay?
I can't just up and leave.
Dawes is about to reassemble and soon.
Catherine, this is my best chance of finally finding out who is behind this all.
This is also your best chance of being exposed.
Vincent, I can redirect DHS cameras and surveillance to protect you, but I can't redirect the press.
And if they find you, then it's all over, not just our happily ever after.
Vincent, we have got to get out of town.
We need to figure out what to do because whatever we're doing now isn't working.
Then everything I've done to get Graydal to trust me so far is gonna be lost.
Come on, if I don't show up, they're gonna be more suspicious of me than they were before.
Not as suspicious as they'd be if Grace exposes you to be the beast they're looking for.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Protein bar?
Look, I don't get how running away from this is gonna solve any of our problems.
It doesn't, but it buys us time to figure out a way out of this mess.
JT, don't tell Tess about what we're doing.
The less she knows, the better, especially after what happened at the tavern.
Wait. Tess was behind the raid?
Who else?
But I thought we were trying to keep her out of all this, so she can have a normal life, so she can date.
We are, and we will.
We got to go.
Oh. Whether we like or not, apparently.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Where's Keller?
Hmm? Anybody hear from him?
No. And I still don't trust the guy.
But you don't remember what he did to piss you off.
I'm telling you, Keller drugged me, or something.
Right, but you remember him kicking the crap out of you.
Sit down.
Turns out last night's police raid is the least of our problems.
Apparently, some reporter was there, too, and she knew about our meet.
How?
Because we've been infiltrated, that's how.
That's why we met off-site, because we knew we had a leak.
But now, we've been ordered to stand down until we find out who it is, and while you find out how much the reporter knows about what we were doing.
(police siren toots)
Really? You're not mad.
Even though I totally bolted on you?
Tonight? Yeah, sure, Alex, I'd love to.
Captain, we need to talk.
Can I call you back?
Agent Chandler alerted you, didn't she?
She told you I was coming.
Okay.
First of all, I don't know what the hell you're talking about.
And secondly, you are not allowed in here.
What are you gonna do-- throw me up against the wall?
Use police force, or should I say, abuse it?
Okay, Ms. Rose, look, I'm sorry that you got caught up in the raid...
Oh, please.
That wasn't a raid. That was a sham, and you know it.
I go to Chandler, she goes to her best cop bud, and the next thing I know, the police show up?
You know what that tells me?
I must be close to blowing the story about Keller wide open.
Otherwise, you wouldn't have just risked your career to cover for him and his wife.
A secret DHS manhunt, super soldiers, Graydal and now a police cover-up?
This is an even better story than I imagined.
(door opening)
(door closing)
(sighs)
(sighs)
Yikes!
Where did you say you found this place again?
Remember that romantic getaway we were planning for our six-month anniversary?
Uh-huh.
Tada!
(beeping)
There's no service up here?
Good.
Good?
Come on. I got to let the team know that I'm okay.
Team? You're not going all Stockholm Syndrome on me, are you?
That's not what I meant.
Hey, grab an end.
It's so dusty in here.
You think they have a vacuum?
A vacuum?
Why, you want to move in?
That's not the worst idea we've ever had.
You can't be serious.
No, I'm not serious.
What's going on with you? Can't you just relax for a minute?
I would love to, but it's a little hard when, you know, all hell's breaking loose in the city for me.
Right. That's why we're here, to come up with a plan before we go back.
We've got a plan, okay?
Graydal's got a plan, and if I don't get back in time to help them find a beast, then I am...
Vincent, you are the beast.
Unless they figure out that you're here, they aren't gonna find one.
Yeah. But if the client doesn't think it's gonna happen soon, I'm gonna lose my only chance of identifying who is behind this, all right? You know what that means? Yeah, yeah, we're back to square one! Great.
Well, it's better than Grace Rose exposing you, which is exactly what's gonna happen if you go back now.
So we stay here and do nothing?
You know, hope everything just goes away, hope magically we get our lives back?
We're never gonna get our lives back, Vincent, don't you see that?
Whatever we had, whatever we thought we could get back, it's gone.
Who are we even kidding?
Even if all of this goes perfectly-- we find the beast buyer, you get exonerated, Grace Rose goes away-- we can't get back what we had.
You don't know that.
Yeah.
Yes, I do.
And so do you.
There's no explaining this without being tainted, without suspicion.
Do you really think that the hospital's gonna take you back after all this?
Even in the best-case scenario.
DHS isn't gonna keep me either, not after everything I've done.
Tess, Tess can't hire me back even if she wanted to.
Normal's lost, Vincent.
No matter what happens next, our lives are never gonna be the same.
(trilling)
(groans)
Not good.
Not good.
Hey.
So, what, I got to change my caller I.D. so you answer your damn phone?
Tess, hey.
What are you doing here?
I'm trying to save my job.
Wh-Why are you ducking me?
What? I'm-I'm not ducking you.
Really, JT? Flicking off monitors? So-so, what, you're hiding crap from me now, too?
No, I'm not.
Well... yeah, actually, I am. But it's only because we're trying to protect you. That's all.
Protect me?
Yes. Cat and I agreed not to involve you any more than we have to.
Okay, well, it's a little late for that, 'cause Grace Rose has already threatened to expose me along with Vincent now.
What?
(sighs) Never mind.
Where's Cat?
I got to talk to her.
You're not gonna tell me?
Hey, I can't.
Again, the less you know, the better. It's for your own good.
Really? Really? For my own good?
You want to know what's for my own good? It's not having to keep getting dragged back into all this beast crap. That's what.
I know. That's what...
No, but nothing changes.
No matter how hard I try to have some semblance of a life, it just keeps coming back to bite me in the ass.
Look, Tess...
No, you look.
This time Cat has to cover for me, okay?
She has to say that DHS asked me to raid that tavern, 'cause I sure as hell didn't have probable cause.
And as soon as Grace finds that out, I'm screwed.
So where's Cat?
I'm sorry.
Oh, you're unbelievable.
Is this you finding your path, JT?
How long can you keep doing this, hacking into God knows what you're hacking into now?
This can't go on. I can't keep doing this.
(sighs)
(grunts)
(exhales)
Hey.
Hey.
You want to be alone?
(grunts)
No. I've been alone way too much lately.
You know, I don't like it.
Take a walk with me?
Sure.
You know, maybe we 
 stay here.
Come on. It's beautiful, it's clean, it's safe, apart from the odd bear, but I can handle those.
No, you can't be serious.
No, I could.
I could handle a bear or two.
You know, maybe not a grizzly, but...
No, I meant the staying here part. You couldn't, right?
I don't know. Could you?
Not for very long.
I'm a city girl.
I always have been.
Well, there's plenty of other cities.
True.
What about Heather, JT, Tess?
Postcards, Skype.
(scoffs)
Come on, who are we kidding?
There's no escaping this, right?
Graydal will find us sooner or later or whoever else the beast buyer's hiring next.
Yeah, if DHS doesn't find you first.
I can't keep them off your tail for much longer, Vincent.
So either they're gonna catch you or they're gonna bust me.
It's pretty bleak either way.
Those bears are looking better and better.
There's always Grace Rose.
(chuckles)
No, look, under the umbrella of not having any other good options and running out of time, she might be our only hope.
Only hope? Come on.
She's trying to expose the hell out of me.
No. No, she is trying to expose DHS's secret manhunt. She wants to figure out what really happened to Hill, which, if she can, Vincent, exonerates you and gives us both back our freedom.
She doesn't even know about beasts.
She knows about super soldiers, she knows about Graydal, she knows about the explosion at the Army base.
She knows too many things.
It's just a matter of time before she connects all of those dots.
All the more reason for us to get out ahead of this and tell her the real story about Hill before DHS spins it for her and turns you in-into a scapegoat.
You can't be serious.
It's crazy.
It's crazy.
Is this any crazier than what we've been doing?
(groans)
(sighs)
You really think we can convince her to get our story out without having to mention beasts?
I think we can trust her.
We're backed into a corner.
All we have left is the truth.
Unless, of course, you want to keep running and wait till somebody catches us.
No.
We're gonna go to 1 Police Plaza. I've got an interview with the deputy commissioner.
Then we're gonna go to Chandler's apartment, have another little chat before...
(phone rings)
Hold on a sec. Hi, this is Grace.
Hello?
This is Agent Chandler.
Can we talk?
I'll meet you back at the truck.
Where are you?
First, I need to know if you meant what you said before, that you protect your sources.
If it warrants it, yes.
Trust me, this warrants it.
You're gonna have to come alone, and everything has to be off the record until we really believe that we can trust you. Otherwise, no deal.
"We"?
Yeah, "we."
Where do I go?
I'm not on my cell, so I can't text you. You have something to write this down with?
Okay. Go ahead.
Yes, I know the area.
Okay, I'll be there.
It'll take me a couple hours to get there.
Oh, God.
Vincent, Grace might be our only chance.
How do we keep getting ourselves in this situation?
No one ever said love was easy.
(chuckles)
Agent Chandler?
Thanks for coming.
Sure.
Now what?
Grace Rose, meet Vincent Keller.
Nice to meet you.
You're a popular man, Dr. Keller.
How do you know I didn't bring the cavalry?
Did she?
(heart beating steadily)
No. She's telling the truth.
Now let's see if she really cares about it.
(indistinct chatter)
Hey. Hi, sorry I'm late.
No, no worries.
No worries. Um...
Cheek kiss?
Yes. Cheek kiss.
(chuckles)
It's good to see you.
Yeah, same here.
So, uh, everything okay?
It sounded pretty important on the phone.
Yeah, no, everything, uh... everything's fine.
I just... I need some advice.
Advice?
So, say you had somebody working for you, like another attorney, and they were... taking the law into their own hands.
What would you do?
I don't understand.
Uh, can you be more specific?
There's this cop. Not in my precinct but, you know, I know her. Good person, comes from a cop family, always wanted to do the right thing.
Okay. But...
But she's been, um... she's been doing some borderline stuff.
You know, "ends justify the means" kind of a thing, covering for fellow cops.
Cops who are doing good stuff and stopping really, really bad guys...
I'd arrest her.
I'm sorry?
I'd arrest her.
Take away her shield, throw her in jail, the works.
Okay, look, you arrest, I prosecute, and a judge and jury decides guilty or innocent.
That's the system-- you know that.
And it's designed specifically so people don't take the law into their own hands, especially those who carry a badge and a gun.
You know, I-I'm sorry, Tess, but as far as I'm concerned, your friend doesn't deserve to be a cop anymore.
: 
 about the chronology.
DHS comes to you to help stop an international terrorist...
Liam Cullen, yes, and we did that.
With, uh, your help.
A doctor?
Yes, well, I used to be Special Forces.
Uh, Vincent, he... he offered to help because Hill wanted to keep the operation quiet.
That's why he set me up off-site.
He didn't want the rest of DHS to know about what he was doing.
Because he was afraid it would get out and alarm the public?
Yes.
Exactly, yes.
Then why did you kill Secretary Hill?
In self-defense.
But why?
Why would Hill try to kill you?
Uh, uh...
Uh...
He was, um... he was getting nervous.
He was afraid that the rest of DHS would find out about what he was doing.
But why would he get in trouble for wanting to keep looking for terrorists?
That was his job.
He was doing it outside of DHS. He was doing it outside of the law.
Hill believed that there was a major threat out there somewhere, and, for whatever reason, he didn't think that DHS would support him in stopping it.
Okay. You worked for him, you answered to him.
What was the reason?
I can't tell you that.
Then I can't help you.
Even if Hill hired Graydal hit men to take Vincent out first?
Do you have proof of that?
No. No, not yet.
(sighs)
There's just too many unanswered questions.
Why did Hill keep this from DHS?
Why did he ask for Vincent's help and then think killing him would cover it up? And who exactly was Hill trying to stop in the first place?
Look, I believe you're sincere.
Otherwise I wouldn't be here.
But I can't help you get your story out without cold, hard facts to back it up.
That's not how I work.
I need to know the truth.
Yeah.
(sighs)
I'm sorry.
: Uh...
Okay, wait.
Do we have a choice?
Um, y-you... you may want to... probably sit down for this.
Why?
(roars)
(gasps, panting)
Okay, Grace, just-just breathe.
Breathe. Here. Have some water.
(panting)
Just, by the way, that was off the record.
: So now will you please help us?
Yeah.
Wait, what's the matter?
There's somebody out there.
You must've been followed.
No, I wasn't.
I-I made sure of it.
Down! Get down, now!
(shouts)
(ringing)
(muffled coughing)
(muffled): Vincent, are you okay?
Are you okay?!
(muffled): Yeah! I-I think so.
What was that?
(coughing)
A flash grenade.
DHS?
No. (coughs)
Graydal.
Grace.
(panting)
All right, stay low, okay?
We're gonna find her.
(both coughing)
Grace!
Grace!
Grace. Grace.
Hey. Stay with me, okay?
Hey, look at me, look at me.
Look at me. Stay with me.
You're gonna be fine, all right?
You're gonna be fine.
Her pulse is thready.
We got to get her to the hospital, fast.
: Looks like we finally found ourselves a beast!
It's Kane.
I should have known it was you, Keller!
Hey.
Hey, stay with me.
I'm really looking forward to this.
Grace, you're gonna be all right. Stay with me.
Go get a blanket or something.
Get something to cover her up.
Just keep with me, all right?
You stay with me. You're gonna be absolutely fine.
Here.
She's going into shock.
I can't do much for her here.
We got to get her to the hospital, okay?
Okay. But how are you gonna get past Graydal?
I don't think it's the whole team. Otherwise they would've stormed the place by now.
(coughs)
I'm pretty sure it's just Kane on his own.
Yeah, but he knows how to capture a beast.
Which is why we're gonna give him one.
What?
Come on out, Keller!
Catherine, it's her only hope, okay?
It may be ours, too.
Look, he wants me, I'm gonna bolt, I'm gonna get him away from the cabin.
What, just let him capture you?
Hopefully not, but it's our only chance. I mean, it's gonna give you time to get her in the car and to the hospital.
: You know what I've got and you know you can't escape.
And I've got ten million reasons to make sure you don't.
Come on out, Keller, and I'll let the ladies go.
I promise.
He's lying, he won't leave any witnesses.
Wait... Vincent, that might be our only hope.
Time's up, freak show.
: Cat!
No... No, come on, breathe, Cat.
Come on, breathe, Cat, just breathe!
No!
(loud growl)
(growls)
(grunting)
(growling)
(groaning)
(grunts)
Aah!
Oh...
So let me get this straight-- you worked your way into Graydal, worked your way onto the beast-hunting team...
(grunts)
Aah! (groans)
...even though you're the one we were looking for all along?
Why?
To find out who put up the bounty money-- is that it?
(grunting)
(laughs)
Well, I'm guessing you're about to find out anyway.
Soon as I can collect the reward.
Drop it! Drop it now.
I thought you were dead.
You were supposed to.
Put the rifle down, now.
Or what-- you just gonna shoot me?
Arrest me?
You think I won't tell everybody about him?
I'm assuming you'd prefer to keep it a secret.
No.
No one's gonna believe you.
Somebody will.
Graydal will, maybe even DHS.
How else are you gonna explain all this?
Aah!
It must be a hell of a burden trying to keep this under wraps all the time.
No, no!
: How about you drop your gun.
(grunts)
Go, go, go.
Don't worry about me.
You just go, go help Grace.
No, Vincent, it's too late.
She's gone.
: All right, on three-- go.
: Everybody clear out, the coroner's coming through.
No offense, I had to check you out.
I understand, I would've done the same thing.
Although your superior did seem surprised to hear that you were out here.
She asked that you give her a call ASAP.
: I got to back to the truck.
Can we have a couple more bags?
Hey.
Hey.
Did you see the news?
About Grace, yeah.
Wait, are Cat and Vincent...
No, they're fine. That's why I came by-- I didn't want you to think that anything happened to them, too.
But they were there, right? When it happened?
Yeah.
It's not what you think.
They weren't trying to duck her again, they were actually trying to come clean with her.
They were actually trying to tell Grace the truth, get her help. She got caught in the crossfire.
JT, you talk about it like she just got a flesh wound or something.
She's dead.
An innocent person is gone.
Why? Just because she wanted to tell a story.
(sighs)
I cannot...
I cannot do this anymore.
What's wrong?
What's going on?
What are you doing?
I'm resigning, that's what.
Whoa, whoa, wait. You're not thinking straight.
I'm actually thinking perfectly straight.
Are you gonna get out of my way?
No, I won't.
With all due respect, you're way overreacting here.
You're not responsible for what happened to Grace.
No, but I'm responsible for knowing what really did happen to her, for knowing what's really going on, and all I did is cover it up, and I act like it's normal, like it's okay, but it's not okay, all right? Not anymore. Please.
No. I can't let you do this.
You can't give up being a captain.
I'm not. I'm...
I'm giving up being a cop, all right?
Cops do not pick and choose when and where to uphold the law, JT.
They don't cover things up, hoping they're doing the right thing. That's not what this is, and that's not what I ever wanted to become, so, please.
Okay, wait. How about this?
What if you... you-you stop covering up?
What if you stop... knowing what's going on?
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about saving your career.
I'm talking about... saving your normal.
Look, I can quote chapter and verse about all the innocent people you've saved over the years precisely because you covered up for Cat and Vincent, which, as far as I'm concerned, justifies everything.
But whether or not you agree, you can't change the past, but you can change the future.
Don't cover for us anymore if you don't want to, but don't quit.
Don't throw away everything you've worked so hard to achieve.
That isn't right, either.
So, what, you're just gonna keep the beast stuff from me?
If that's what you want.
But what if our paths cross, like on a case or something?
What am I supposed to do-- arrest you?
Ideally, no, but...
(laughs)
But... if that's the risk we have to take to keep you from resigning, then yeah.
I guess so.
Well, it sounds crazy... but I'll think about it.
Thank you.
Hey.
(siren blaring)
(sighs)
I don't like it.
I don't like it, either, but what choice do we have?
It's like you said-- we're running out of time, right?
From DHS, from Graydal, from the press now.
(sighs)
We got to do something.
We can't keep running.
Vincent, it's risky.
I know. I know, but at least this way, I'm gonna find out who's behind the bounty, you know? Hopefully, eliminate one of our problems.
But we don't even know what he wants to do with a beast, and whatever it is, it can't be good.
There's no turning back, remember?
Whatever our future holds, this is how we find out.
This is where we start.
I'm gonna be okay.
You'd better be.
♪ If only we could start again ♪

♪ I would find a way ♪

♪ To never have to give you up ♪

♪ I know it all depends... ♪
Check toll surveillance, too.
Look for Chandler's car.
I want a tail on her.
Get me the reporter's files.
Hack into her computer. I want to know everything she knew.
♪ I can take you higher when you're down ♪

♪ I shut us ♪

♪ I shut us... ♪
Guess you're looking for me.
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
