Previously on "Escape the Night", we battled the guardian of the house and summoned the carnival of the cursed.
(screaming)
In exchange for the last artifact, Tim and Oli performed before the crowd.
(screaming)
(evil laughing)
I forgot to put the flesh eating fish in the tank today.
And the ring leader spared their lives.
(growling)
(whispering)
Pray for me.
(speaks foreign language)
Amen.
(growling)
(bones cracking)
(speaks foreign language)
(evil laughing)
(whispers)
What?
(speaks foreign language)
No! No, Please!
(screaming)
(suspenseful music)
We have all four artifacts and we can go home.
We've done it. This nightmare is gonna be over.
What is that?
This is the ritual from Shane's jacket.
And we find out that we have to perform this ritual so that we can bind the evil that will release these spirits and we can go home and get back to 2016.
The ritual symbol must be drawn in ash and sand seven feet on each side from the center point.
Love the style.
So now all we have to do is perform another crazy demonic sh1t and we'll finally get back home.
I could get some spaghetti, I could feed my cat, I can hit up my girlfriend for some ass.
Three of the artifacts must be placed onto the marked points of the symbol.
Fourth artifact must be placed in the center of the inner triangle.
We are gonna go home. We are gonna go shopping. 2016!
(laughing)
We're so excited.
This is it, we're going home, we're getting out of here.
Looks good.
That looks like demonic finger prints.
Those are mine.
Oh.
One must sit in the center triangle and wrap the black cord around the fourth artifact seven times, while another recites the binding and location.
Okay, so who's going in the middle?
Well you're all in white, are we supposed to sacrifice a virgin?
No no no.
Yeah Sierra, why don't you help out the group?
You haven't done much honestly too.
Yeah, you haven't, you've just kinda been standing there.
Why is everyone ganging up on me?
I've kinda just felt like Sierra hasn't been pulling her weight.
So immediately I'm like, okay it's time for her to step in.
I vote Sierra goes in the center.
Oh my god, what is going on?
One of us has to go in the middle and Joey says I should go in.
Then everyone starts chiming in, agreeing with him.
I don't know what I did to them.
I did nothing.
You gonna do it?
Sure.
No wait, we gotta get in our spots.
I'll read the invocation.
Okay, here we go.
Set the mood.
Hooked on Phonics, coming in clutch.
You guys ready?
Let's do this, man.
With the thread of the crimes of your own design, I bind your evil seven times.
I bind you from behind, I bind you from before that you'll hurt my people nevermore.
I bind you from the left, I bind you from the right.
Oh my god!
I bind you day by day and I bind you by night.
I bind you from below, I bind you from above.
I bind you with your own evil within so let this magic unfold.
Goddess of the darkest night, bind the presence that haunts this home in thy sacred fires of eternity.
(suspenseful music)
Did we do it?
(evil laughter)
What was that?
That's not, we didn't do it.
That sounds like the devil.
Guys I don't think it worked.
I have no idea what went wrong.
We did everything right.
Did we read the map the right way?
Yes, it's totally fine.
You know how much time has been spent just to find these stupid artifacts?
Okay, what if there's something in here that we're missing?
What if there's another clue?
What if they just wanna play with us more?
Right?
Yeah, let's look for it.
Waste of time!
I'm so tired.
This seems demonic.
So Tim and I are over by the fireplace and we notice that there's this black box.
What is that?
So we pull it out and lo and behold, we find our next clue.
A key.
Oh my gosh, oh my gosh, a key, the key.
There's a key and a note.
I've cast out demonic spirits and seen the devil himself, but nothing could prepare me for what I found here.
This is truly the house that evil built.
It haunts my every moment and as the days pass, I see more innocent lives devoured in its terrible mouth.
I'm trapped in the back basement?
What?
Until I can find release from the evil.
There's someone else in this house.
And he's trapped in the basement.
I think we should go to the basement.
Well then let's go.
Let's go to the basement.
What do you think there's gonna be in the basement?
Death machine, we're all gonna die.
This basement is creepy.
All that's going through my head was are we gonna be seeing some other crazy sh1t?
Oh my gosh.
Oh my god, what is this?
What the hell?
Don't!
Don't get any closer.
So we find this priest in the basement.
You know I like priests, I don't mind them at all.
But this priest was a psycho.
Hey guys, that looks like what we just tried to do.
What happened?
We were trying to bind the evil so that we can get home.
Were you able to accomplish anything?
No.
It didn't work.
The devil laughed at us.
The evil in this house gathers its strength from its five former owners and when they are released that's when the demon will be weak enough to banish.
That's why it didn't work.
First we had to get four artifacts to kill this evil.
Now we have to release five former owners of the house?
I mean, is this ever gonna end, like it's just escalating.
I am one of the five former owners trapped in this house.
But I, I lost my faith.
I failed to exercise a demon out of an innocent girl and because of that she died.
I just need your help.
I need my cross so I can restore my faith and be released.
I am trapped inside this circle of protection until my faith is restored.
For you to retrieve my cross you must, you must perform an exorcism.
No.
Yes!
You must.
I see exorcisms on movies.
That does not happen in real life.
But it does, it happens here.
And for that, you need to gather holy water and a rosary.
They're both in separate rooms, hiding on the second floor.
This is my bible, take it. You'll need it.
Now that you're on the path to do the exorcism, be aware demons will be haunting you.
Not again.
Another stupid scavenger hunt.
From the stupid evil spirit house man.
I should just set the house on fire.
That was so fricking weird, I don't like this.
I hope a demon doesn't touch me, I'm not trying to get touched.
Okay let's just split up.
When I think of exorcisms, I think of like, contorting backward headed dog ladies.
I don't wanna see any of that.
We'll check this room right here.
Oh, this room is just creepy.
Okay, guys, the holy water.
Okay, we have the holy water.
Wait, this is the holy water?
Wait, what are we looking for?
And there's this massive, kinda like wardrobe in the middle of the room.
And down the side of it are like images of these demons and then on the right hand side it looks like an angel.
So the cupboard actually has a passlock on it and it's four numbers.
We're gonna need to find out what the code is.
I don't wanna open these closet doors, I think we need to open, wait what's that?
Did you guys find something?
Raum, that seems like a demon name.
When the holy water is complete...
(loud bang)
Oh my god.
What was that?
That's the name of the person.
Oh no, oh no, oh no.
Lights.
I'm so scared.
Guys look for Raum in the bible or something.
Oh my god, what if it's like a passage?
This is the vessel we need to put the holy water in there, but the water isn't holy yet.
Only use when you know the proper amount of glasses of water to pour into the basin.
Okay so we need to figure out how much to pour in there.
I think this, this is the basin I think.
Numbers five one seven.
So we need to figure out in this room, what corresponds to these numbers.
There's another bible.
Guys, there's another bible in here.
Five one seven.
Numbers five one seven, that's a bible verse.
Oh 517, it's five colon 17.
Okay, it says and the priest shall take holy water in an earthen vessel and take some of the dust that is on the floor of the tabernacle and put it into the water.
So we need to find the dust of a tabernacle.
What's a tabernacle?
(slamming)
Wait, there's something over here.
What?
Dantalion?
We start finding all these names around the room.
Incubus.
Forneus.
Xaphan.
I don't even know how to say that.
Belial.
Moloch.
These are demon names.
Oh, there's nothing under the bed, thank god.
Tabernacle is like a square enclosing.
Guys.
Oh.
Here we go Oh, maybe this, what's in there?
Hold on, let's read that.
Combined with purified water, look to Saint Peter.
Saint Peter would be, maybe the painting.
Oh, yes.
Well that's Jesus. I don't really think Saint Peter...
Actually, that's Peter because I remember.
I was in Catholic school.
Find a number of glasses to fill with water.
We were studying the painting and I see roman numerals.
And next to the roman numerals there are a minus size or a plus size.
That's one number, that's another one, and look, this one.
Okay, so this is plus two.
Five plus two.
Trying to like figure out this equation and I'm not the best math person.
One plus 10 equals 11 minus five.
Is six.
Plus two.
Is eight.
Minus three.
Five.
Did we get the dust yet?
Oh, the dust is inside here.
Oh.
That's what's inside.
So we've got the dust.
I feel like there's gotta be one more.
Wait!
What what!
Eight, nine 10, 11, 12, 13.
There are 13 devils.
There's one angel.
The revelation. The 13 one in the bible.
And I stood upon the sand of the sea, I saw the beast rise up from the sea, having seven heads, and ten horns, and upon his horns, ten crowns.
Put seven.
Here? At the top?
Yeah.
And then one zero and then one.
Oh my god!
Yes!
You're a genius.
Oh, dragons, cute.
Find the seven blasphemous names scattered throughout the room.
Turn the corresponding dial to the first letter of their name in alphabetical order.
I already put them in alphabetical order.
Okay.
We put all the demon names in alphabetical order and then try twisting the dials to match the demon names.
(loud boom)
Oh no.
Oh hell no.
B, b, then what's next?
Now put the dust in the water.
So sprinkle it in.
Okay, so we pour that into the basin.
Five.
That's holy water.
Oh my god.
One.
Look, b, d, f, i, m, r, s.
Open.
Oh my god, we found it.
What is it?
Let's get out of here.
Guys we're almost there.
Four, one more.
Guys, we did it.
So now...
(booming)
Oh my god!
Oh here we go.
Oh, water, I exercise you that you may put to flight, all the power of the enemy.
Through the power of our lord will come to judge the living and be dead by fire.
Amen.
Amen.
Whoa.
Okay dude. And that's it.
We're done.
We made Holy water.
Let's go exercise this girl.
You guys are messed up.
My job is done.
We got the holy water.
Guys, that was terrifying.
So now combined, we have the rosary beads and the holy water.
We have a letter.
You now have the items needed to perform the exorcism.
But only two may journey into the darkness and face the demon.
It just gives me the chills thinking about doing an exorcism.
I hope it's not me.
They must be selected by vote.
First name drawn will assume the roll of the first exorcist.
And the next name drawn as the second exorcist.
So two are leaving today, basically.
This really isn't anything new.
These are things that I've seen, these are things that I've studied and I believe that I'm probably better fit to perform this exorcism.
I watch a lot of scary movies, I'll do an exorcism.
Alright.
Well, that's okay with us then.
Yay, alright!
Thanks for that Matt.
Anyone else wanna volunteer?
Or are we doing a vote?
Let's do a vote.
Okay, let's just talk about it.
Come on.
Let's just talk, come here, come here girls.
Okay, you know what? We'll just all vote a different girl.
Okay, I'm down for that.
They've been trying to get rid of the men this entire time.
Just that last time.
Well yeah, that's true.
Joey last time, he was chatting to me and he was like, oh we need to vote for this person.
And then him and Matt go and vote for me.
They're obviously voting for one of us here.
You guys know what you wanna do?
Yeah.
Let's do it.
You guys ready?
Not gonna lie, I feel like they might vote for me.
They were all like, turning against me and they just have it out for me.
Matt, you volunteered yourself.
He volunteered himself.
Uh, I did, but I feel like I wasn't thinking clearly.
You can't do that!
You can't just do that!
I know I can help with the exorcism but I need to survive.
I have too much to live for.
This was a mistake.
Matt, would you like to volunteer the first name?
Ridiculous.
And even though Lele is in my ear chirping, I decide to vote in Sierra.
I am thinking of voting for Matt. I'm not gonna rest until Matt is gone.
Come on, tell us.
Oh, a little bit of changing it up.
This is a nice change of pace.
Stop talking to me.
I'm voting for Matt because, I mean he basically volunteered himself.
You can't really take that back, so.
(suspenseful music)
Thank you.
Alright.
Give them a good ol' stir around this time, you know?
May god be with you all.
If I get chosen, you're taking my place Matt, because you volunteered.
Sierra.
What the heck.
You guys, are you serious?
You guys are sick.
Why would you do that to me?
Better not be a girl, better not be a girl.
Second name is Matt.
Well, you got your wish.
Well, I would really love to know who actually voted for me.
I voted for you.
The drama.
It is time to face the exorcism, please.
Guys this is creepy, why would you put me through this?
It's time.
You're gonna need that, and you're gonna need that.
And that was for dunking me.
I don't know who voted for me, or why.
'Cause I didn't do anything to anyone.
I'm just really scared 'cause I don't wanna do an exorcism at all.
Oh my god.
I promise you we're gonna be just fine.
I voted for Sierra because her and Matt are the only ones who haven't done it and they need to start contributing.
I voted for Sierra.
Did you?
What?
I'm scared, I'm really scared.
What in the world is this?
(scary music)
Why does it smell like this?
I don't wanna do this.
We get brought into this scary dungeon basement thing.
What is this?
Do you smell that?
It's incense and this is the symbol.
Okay, it looks like it's instructions.
To exercise a demon of this strength, it requires the effort of two exorcists.
The second exorcist must take the rosary and holy water and complete four steps while the first exorcist holds down the victim no matter how hard they fight back.
There's three major steps.
To form the exorcism.
After all these steps are over the fourth and final step will reveal itself to me.
Sierra has to sit on the bed and hold down the woman and the entire time while she's holding down she has to say this prayer over and over and over and she has to memorize it.
Saint Michael.
I've got my holy water.
Arch angel, be our protection from the wickedness and banish this evil.
The only thing too, is you've got that memorized.
You can't let go.
This is my job.
This is what I'm doing.
The rest is up to Matt.
Let's go.
Holy sh1t!
Do I go?
Yeah go ahead, go ahead.
I'm just, I gotta get the candles.
Go, go, go, I have her.
Okay.
Go, tell me when to start.
Just keep saying it.
Keep saying it.
I got you, I got you, I got you.
Saint Michael, the archangel, be our protection from the wickedness and banish the evil.
Hold on, hold on, we've got the star.
I have to make a star of candles around this chamber with the incense inside and write the symbols on the ground.
(groaning)
Saint Michael, the archangel.
This girl is like, pretty strong.
Tried to hold her down and not let go, because if I let go, I'm gonna die.
Five candles, okay I gotta do this.
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
(screaming)
Hold on, I've got the omega.
Saint Michael!
(groaning)
Hurry! Hurry!
I'm looking for the fourth step.
Did I miss a step?
Be our protection from the wickedness.
Banish the evil spirit.
(bones cracking)
I'm trying, I'm so sorry.
Do you see anything over there?
The box?
There's some kind of clue.
Amen.
The fourth step is to sprinkle holy water on the victim.
I don't know how long I have to complete this last step, so I skim through the beginning of he note and it reads, pour the holy water from head to toe on this woman and then put the rosary on top of Sierra.
(screaming)
Stay still, stay still.
Sierra, are you okay?
I got the note and as I read through it I find out that I had the choice of either putting the rosary on Sierra and killing her or I could put the rosary on my own neck and kill me right on the spot.
Sierra, I'm so sorry.
I did this wrong.
Truly, I don't know what I would have done if I read that note all the way through.
But my lapse of judgement and my error has caused Sierra to die.
Oh my god.
What?
I killed her.
You killed her?
It was an accident.
This is what I'm thinking when I see Matt.
I give up.
He's not gonna die.
He's literally working for the demon.
So you didn't read the whole note?
I didn't read the whole thing because it was on a time constraint, I was trying to go as fast as I could.
Part of me is like, I understand, but the other part of me just makes you look so sketchy right now.
I know.
I knew how it was gonna look when I walked up here.
They don't believe me, that I killed her out of cold blood, and I was too coward to kill myself.
I didn't mean to do this, it was an accident, and I don't want to do this anymore.
Let's get this done.
The cross.
Thank you, thank you, I'm free.
I kept the journal with my observations of the other owners.
He will help you find them.
So, we're just another step closer but it just feels like how many more of us are gonna have to die before we get out of here?
(Clunking)
At least we know what we have to do.
Four more owners.
Don't even read the book, it doesn't matter.
We killed off all of our friends just to get the four artifacts and then we find out we need to do more just so that we can kill even more people to hopefully get out of the house.
This is never going to end and we are all going to die.
(Thunder rumbles)
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
