[Off-key] ♪ All I wanna do when I wake up in the morning ♪

♪ Is see your eyes ♪

♪ Rosanna, Rosanna ♪

♪ I never thought that a girl like you ♪

♪ Could ever care for me ♪

♪ Rosanna ♪
[Laughs]
[Falsetto voice] ♪ All I wanna do ♪

♪ In the middle of the night is hold you tight ♪

♪ Rosanna, Rosanna ♪

♪ I didn't know you were looking for more than I could ever be ♪

♪ Not quite a year since she went away ♪

♪ Rosanna, yeah ♪
Gentlemen.
You're in the wrong place, Inspector.
Take-out's downstairs.
[Chuckles] We're looking for Sam Rydell.
Never heard of him.
Then you don't watch TV.
[Clears throat] Our records say that he called this club about 20 times in the past 2 weeks.
Maybe he's ordering egg rolls.
You know, if you write a Yelp review, you get 10% off your next delivery.
[Man chuckles]
[Indistinct conversations]
That's cute. Give it to him.
What's this?
Open it.
These are all current cases that name the Tongs... prostitution, racketeering.
We can handle this here or down in Homicide.
It's on you.
[Sighs] I saw Sam a few days ago.
Yeah, we know. You roughed him up pretty good.
We had a conversation.
Where'd he go?
Well, if he's smart, halfway to Mexico by now.
Why is that?
'Cause sandwich man owes us some serious greens.
So you threw him over the bridge, wanted to teach him a lesson?
I didn't do sh1t.
If you want any more info, you gotta talk to my lawyer.
He's that drunk fool over there singing them silly white man songs.
All right, get up. We're taking you in.
[Sniffs]
[Table bangs on floor]
Come on, man!
What's wrong with you?
: Inspectors.
A word, please.
[Bottles clink]
[Speaking Chinese]
[Speaks Chinese]
I was just about to have a little late night snack.
Care to join me?
[Sighs]
[Clears throat]
Egg roll?
No, we're good.
My grandmother's recipe.
When I was a boy, I watched her roll a hundred in one hour.
She had the smallest fingers. Good for delicate things.
[Chuckles] I'm sorry.
But you're not interested in my, uh, culinary history.
So how may I assist you?
Sam Rydell.
[Speaking Chinese]
We found his car abandoned on the Richmond Bridge.
Your business card was tucked in his jacket inside pocket.
[Glass clatters]
There are times when a client does not repay his loan in a timely manner.
I find fear motivates them to do the right thing.
Yeah, well, you scared him, all right.
He thought you were gonna kill him.
No.
Fear is one thing, but death is another.
I did not build such a successful business by burning money.
Mr. Rydell is a
 cash cow.
My people were farmers from Guangzhou.
And every good farmer knows one does not slaughter a
One milks it.
Mm-hmm.
I would be sorry to lose Mr. Rydell.
[Cheering]
Let's go. Come on.
Damn!
[Indistinct conversations]
[Exhales deeply]
All right. [Sighs]
Deal me in.
A split.
Okay, come on, God.
Just be good to me one time.
Come on. One time.
Come on. Come on. Come on.
Yes!
Okay, all right.
[Exhales deeply]
[Whispers indistinctly]
Please.
Please, please. Yes!
Thank you, Lord.
: Yeah!
Okay, come on, bust, you rat b*st*rd.
No offense.
Come on.
Bust. Bust. Come on.
[Whispers] Bust.
♪
Yes! [Laughs]
[Cheering]
Yes, I knew you could do it!
The boy is back! Don't bury me yet!
[Laughing]
Whoo! Okay.
We are on a roll!
♪
[Indistinct conversations]
Hey.
Right on time.
Hey, good morning.
Got you the daily special.
Thanks.
Yeah. Wanna...
Yeah.
So what'd you wanna tell me you couldn't say over the phone?
Well, I've been, uh, been working for a bit on an investigative piece about violence in the NFL off the field.
And I wanted to share a tip from an inside source about a player who pulled a gun on Normandy.
Okay, is this credible or just more gossip?
Well, Billy James is my source, so yeah, it's credible.
I think it's what got him killed.
Did he tell you the player's name?
Luke Wedman, former running back for the Wildcats.
: Yeah, guy's a local hero.
Scored the winning touchdown for USC in the Rose Bowl senior year.
Yeah, well, this hero pointed a gun at Normandy Parker in the Wildcats' locker room.
Why?
Last game of the season, Normandy was supposed to hand the ball off to Luke for a gimme touchdown, but instead called an audible and ran it in himself.
Luke never scored his 10th touchdown, which would've triggered a $2 million performance bonus in his contract.
How did the team keep it quiet?
[Telephone rings]
Lieutenant Koto.
The pro football player pulls a gun on the star quarterback, and nobody hears anything about it?
Not on Twitter, Facebook, nothing?
Who does Luke play for now? He doesn't.
Guy rushed for 1,200 yards that season, and he's still a free agent.
Maybe Normandy Parker leaked it to management.
Luke could've blamed him for ruining his career.
Two in the head and they're even.
Okay, Billy James' murder.
What's... what's the connection?
Maybe there is none.
Thank you.
Sam Rydell has been found. That was Reno P.D.
He had a heart attack last night in a casino.
Is he dead?
No, they stented him. He's stable.
How come it took so long for them to call us?
There's an APB out. Sam's all over the news.
Yeah, he had a fake ID on him... a couple, actually... and a Canadian passport.
Wasn't until the day nurse recognized him from his commercials that she thought to call the cops.
It seems he's ready to talk.
Why don't you guys fly up there and bring him back?
He's at Reno General.
Okay.
The two of you go interview Luke.
My information is that he spends most every day at Metro Fitness working out.
Yeah, well, old habits never die.
Yeah.
[Clank]
[Exhales]
[Weights clank]
[Sighs]
Luke Wedman?
Terry English, SFPD, Homicide. This is Inspector Mulligan.
Why are you here?
You're looking good, man. I see you putting in the hours.
Thanks. Gotta stay primed for when the call comes in.
Every weekend adds names to the injury list, you know?
I keep my toothbrush packed.
You got the fans upset, man, saying the Wildcats shouldn't have cut you.
Yeah. People spread their love for me. I know they did.
No help. No help at all.
Seems Twitter don't keep you on a roster.
Ah, I hear you.
You follow football?
Yeah. My dad and brother made a point of it.
Church and football every Sunday... not an option.
But the pair of you didn't come here to blah-blah about my career, did you?
So just get to it, okay?
Before I cool down too much.
Yeah, my bad. Uh, the night Normandy Parker got killed...
[Sighs] Come on, man. For real?
Hey, we just wanna see where you were.
Why? Billy James killed him.
How do you know that?
'Cause I know I didn't.
Well, you point at a guy in a locker room with a $2 million motive...
Who said anything about a gun?
Guy gets shot dead, people remember the first part, you know?
You're gonna ruin any chance I got at a future.
Only if you killed him, man.
Look, just tell us where you were, we'll let you get back to your workout.
[Weights clank]
I was at home. I saw it on the news.
Popped a bottle of the good stuff to celebrate.
Couldn't have happened to a better guy.
An arrogant prick.
Huh. All right, well, did you share a glass with anybody else while the bottle was still open?
Yeah, my girl.
Your girl have a name?
Yeah, she's got a name. Willow.
I'll tell her you're coming.
Okay, all right. Appreciate the cooperation, man.
Thank you.
Oh, just so we cover all our bases, where were you when Billy James got killed last Thursday?
[Chuckles]
Sure. I was principal for a day at Jefferson High.
You can see all the photos of me online.
Charity work is a part of my anger management therapy.
It really helps.
All right, back to work.
[Mouth full] Guy owns a nationwide chain, prints money in his sleep, and he manages to piss it all away.
Mm.
Great American tragedy.
Yeah.
Riches to rags.
And...Hello.
Hello.
Oh.
Mm.
I like having you home.
[Doorbell rings]
[Groans]
Oh, come on.
Okay, well, don't forget where I was.
I'm committing it to memory.
[Chuckles]
May I help you?
Um, is Mario home?
Who are you?
Just a friend.
He left something in my car.
Mario.
What?
Your 
 is here.
I'm sorry.
Do I know you?
[Scoffs]
Mario Siletti?
Yes.
You've been served.
Oh.
Goddamnit.
Oh...
What? What is it?
[Door closes]
Well, I'm being sued.
Yeah.
For $15 million?
Wait. What?!
The woman's family.
We haven't even started the trial yet and now this?
[Whispers] Oh, my God.
What did you mean by "your friend is here"?
Hmm?
No, I made a promise to you to honor our marriage.
How long before you actually trust me again, hmm?
What more can I do, Cass?
I'm sorry.
It's just that old scars... they still hurt.
You know, this is a process.
What are we gonna do?
We'll handle it.
Come here.
[Sighs]
[Bell clanging]
SFPD.
[Sighs loudly]
Even if Willow answers, you know she's gonna lie her ass off for him.
See? Look at that. You are a romantic.
[Chuckles] I'm sure she bounced the second he called.
[Knocking]
SFPD.
[Door closes]
What's going on?
Uh, do you know if Willow's home?
Are you here about her boyfriend?
No, we're investigating a homicide.
Oh, my God. Who did he kill?
I was always afraid it would be me.
You know, you read about it, the neighbor who calls the police and then ends up needing them.
You can't just listen and do nothing, or you're part of the problem, right?
Listen to what?
Oh, I won't come out my front door if he's in the hall.
I mean, if he hits her and he loves her, what do you think he'd do to
I should move, but I love my condo.
9-1-1 is a joke. Can't you guys help her?
Uh, we'll follow up on that.
When was the last time you made a complaint?
[Cellphone buttons clicking]
May 17th.
What?
: Okay, so let me get this straight.
Luke's alibi for Normandy's murder is he was beating his girlfriend at the time?
Yeah. Dispatched confirmed sending patrol.
Uh, the reports say she was bruised on her cheek and had a black eye.
She claims she ran into a door.
Oh, doors are such a danger to women, aren't they?
Yeah. All the noise she said came from TV.
Other than that, after that, it was peaceful in paradise.
So the uniforms turned around and left?
Well, they gave him a warning.
[Elevator bell dings]
I mean, this guy's still a celebrity.
The guy's a violent asshole, but he didn't kill either of our vics.
Yeah. Oh. Look what we got here.
♪
Oh.
[Chuckles] Remind me to never vacation in Reno.
I heard that.
So I-I took the company I built from one sandwich shack to a food empire and I bled it dry.
I mean, there must've been some sort of quarterly reports you had to file, right?
Some sort of checks and balances?
You'd be surprised how easy it is to take some money from Column "A" and put it over to Column "B."
How much are we talking?
Well, it started out small at first, you know?
Phony consulting fee here and there.
God knows how much the company owes.
: 
Last season, I came to Norm with a plan to fix a game.
I hadn't funneled that much money out of the company yet.
I needed a sure thing to bet my way out of trouble.
Just... Norm, he throws a few bad passes, problem solved.
So did he do it?
No, Normandy was too proud for something like that.
He gave me a pretty nasty tongue lashing, though.
Told me to get my sh1t together.
Why didn't Normandy just sell his own shares?
I mean, it's not like anyone else knew the company was a fraud, right?
That's ...that's not Norm's style.
Look, guys like Norm... they don't think like you and me.
Losing is not an option.
So if Normandy didn't bail you out, who did?
Andy Chan.
 I put some money back into the company so that nobody would notice, and I'd lose and borrow more.
Until the Tongs wanted their money back.
[Chuckles] Yeah.
Turns out it's easier to defraud your own company than it is to put one over on the Chinese mob.
So you ran?
Yeah, I needed time.
I needed time to pay off my debts.
I needed time to start a new life.
Sometimes time is more valuable than money.
Yeah, you sure had enough time to stop in Reno and play a few hands of Blackjack.
Not exactly the best place to hide if you're trying to stay off the grid, right?
Hey, guys, that wasn't my fault, okay?
Gambler's GPS routed me through Reno on my way to Canada.
So you made it look like the Tongs took you to give you more time?
What... what about your girlfriend?
I mean, she was scared half to death. Did you consider her when you were planning all this?
[Scoffs] She was in on it.
[Chuckles]
That's cold, man.
Having your lady take the heat for you?
And lie to cops?
Look, Amanda, she... she spent a semester at the Royal Academy in London.
Does Amanda know we have him?
Yeah, I already told her.
She thinks she's coming to pick him up?
Yeah, you used her.
Let's not get it twisted.
You know what? doesn't even matter.
I'm a dead man, anyway.
Soon as the Tongs find out I'm alive, they're gonna find me, chop me up, and feed me to the turtles they sell down in Chinatown.
Yeah, that sounds like a you problem, not an us problem.
Come on, guys. Why don't you just lock me up?
I've already confessed to fraud, countless S.E.C. violations.
Please, send me to jail.
[Chair clatters]
You think a Tong lieutenant like Chow can't get to you in jail?
No. Not... not 
 jail. I'm talking about good jail.
Oh.
Send me upstate where they have tennis courts and put on talent shows.
That's where I belong, with other white collar criminals.
Fine. Tell us why you hired Billy James to kill Normandy Parker, and I'll walk you down myself.
What?
Are you kidding? That's why you brought me back here?
You think I killed Normandy?
: 
10 million bucks buys you a 
 of time.
Hey, man... [Whispers] I get it.
[Normal voice] You asked Normandy for a solid, and he spit in your face.
It wouldn't have hurt him any to throw one game.
You tell us the truth, and we can try and make things better for you.
You got stuck, so you hired Billy James to pop Normandy, didn't you?
Look, me and Norm, we're like family, okay?
I know I've done some horrible things, but I'm a good person.
I would never, ever do anything to Norm, ever.
I would let the Tongs kill me before I did that.
All right, so he's a degenerate gambler, probably steal from the church collection plate, but I don't think he's a killer.
So he goes upstate for embezzlement, and we're back to square one with the Normandy case.
Perfect.
I haven't slept since Sam's been missing.
I kept running it in my head, what could be happening to him, thinking I'd never see him again.
And I just wanted to die, you know?
Thank you, guys, so much for bringing him home.
Amanda?
Oh, my God!
Sammy.
[Laughs] Oh, my God. Look at you.
Oh.
What are you wearing?
I don't care. You're here and you're alive.
And I was so scared... Amanda, you can... you can drop the act, okay?
I-I told them everything.
Reno, Sam?
I was all packed.
[Sighs]
Am I in trouble?
Not if you leave now.
Look, Aman... just...
I don't think so, Sam.
S.E.C. is on its way. Let's go.
Hey.
Shots were fired in Alicia's house.
SWAT's en route. We should get going.
[Siren wails]
[Indistinct shouting]
[Camera shutters clicking]
[Indistinct conversations]
: Listen, the cops didn't even give me time to open up the door.
They just broke in. They put assault weapons on me.
They threw me down on the ground.
Nobody even told me why.
Try to relax, sir.
It's not that easy right now.
An emergency call came in saying that there were shots fired within the house.
Where's your daughter?
She's in rehab.
Nothing happened here. There were no shots fired.
SWAT is still securing the house.
At this point, they're assuming that it's a prank.
They're doing it to celebrities these days.
It's called "swatting."
That's sick.
Are you staying in the house right now, Mr. Barnes?
Well, someone responsible's gotta be here when she gets home, not the crowd she's dealing with.
Look at this. Look.
Look at this.
[Bottles clink]
Look at this.
: Yeah.
I'm trying to keep the house safe for her, you know?
Inspectors, we found this beneath the bed in the master bedroom.
It was loaded but it was not discharged today.
You found a loaded gun in her bedroom?
Thank you.
Do you see what I'm up against?
Listen, you gotta get it the hell out of here, okay?
I can't have it around her.
Yes, sir.
Please, I'm just trying to keep my daughter safe, guys.
[Indistinct conversations]
[Elevator bell dings]
Thank you.
Hey.
Hey. Hey, it occurred to me I owe you half a dinner.
'Cause you can't officially call it a date if you only get to the appetizers.
Yeah, being a cop really screws up your social life.
Well, would you like to, uh, do the back-half of dinner tonight?
Yeah, sure.
Cool. All right, um...
[Elevator bell dings]
7:00? I'll pick you up at 7:00.
7:00's good. 7:00's good.
All right.
All right. See you.
Yeah, tonight.
Hey.
Hey, so the .22 that SWAT found under Alicia's bed?
Registered to Andrew Lippman.
Hmm. Lawyer/manager/bedmate.
I heard that.
Dude's full service, huh?
[Chuckles] I goosed ballistics to put a same day rush on it.
For you.
Oh. Thanks. [Clears throat]
[Cup thuds]
$15 million?
Who are they kidding?
The woman worked as a nurse, right?
I mean, how much could she have made in a year? What? $32K?
Just take a deep breath.
You have 30 days to respond.
And I know the best civil attorneys in town.
[Scoffs] I can't afford the best attorneys in town.
I didn't say the most expensive.
All right, assuming we win the criminal case, you should be able to settle for 10 cents on the dollar.
That's $1.5 million.
That's under my liability limit.
[Envelope thuds]
[Chuckles] I'm covered by insurance.
I hate breaking bad news.
No, I looked it up already, Al.
Even a real DUI doesn't change the coverage.
They still have to pay up to the limit on my policy.
I have zero exposure.
Did you look up driving with an expired license?
Your insurance company can deny the claim because you weren't legally operating the vehicle at the time of the accident.
Are you sure?
I do this for a living.
How could you not renew your driver's license for a whole year?
We can't even make the argument that it was slightly expired.
I was busy. All right, well, you still have equity in your house, though, right?
I'm not at fault. My 
Money is the least of your problems if you're in jail.
We need to focus on our case. We've received discovery.
Already?
Well, you wanted to fast-track the trial, and the State is making it happen for you.
Not a favor, I'll tell you again.
Delays are a defense attorney's best friend.
You're still thinking like a prosecutor.
'Cause the sooner this is over, the sooner I can get back to the right side of the aisle.
I never would have produced discovery that fast.
[Scoffs] You know, I used to give old contact info for the witnesses just to make the defense work harder.
Yeah, nice. Very professional.
Oh, please. You know how much the defense withholds.
Don't get all prissy on me.
There's an eyewitness to the accident.
No, there wasn't.
Yeah, she's on the State's list.
Her name is Skylar Jennings.
Let me see her statement.
Well, it's a partial.
She says she was at or near the scene.
She observed the events in their entirety.
She declined to complete her statement pending further discussions with the DA's office.
State's back pocket witness.
Yeah, I ran her record.
Repeated arrests for narcotics, vandalism, criminal trespassing.
And pending charges.
Exactly.
She's a junkie snitch. She's looking to cut a deal.
[Files thud] She can't hurt us.
I am more worried about your wife.
I thought we agreed about this.
If the State gets her to admit that you two were having an argument at the time of the accident, it supports negligence.
You were drunk 
 distracted. Why would you risk that?
There is no risk.
Okay? Cassie will testify that I was sober in the car.
And she will also establish that the victim was impossible to see.
I had no way to stop in time.
The sole cause of this accident is the victim's own negligence.
You'll find a respectful way to put that.
I took your advice, Al.
Cassie and I are getting along better than we have in a long time.
It's a terrible way to save your marriage, but...
She won't do anything to hurt us.
[Mouths word]
Okay.
[Tapping]
Thank you very much.
What?
Ballistics fingerprinting shows that Andrew Lippman's gun is the exact match to the gun that killed Normandy Parker.
We've got our murder weapon.
Let's go get this guy.
♪
Yes, I bought Alicia the gun for protection from stalkers in case any of them got past her security.
Look, I have no idea how Billy got a hold of it.
Or how the murder weapon ended up in her house?
Under her bed?
You're not seriously trying to lay Normandy's murder on my client, are you?
Or is this to make the new DA famous worldwide?
Look, she is too fragile to go through some ridiculous shitstorm.
Come on. Don't do this. This makes no sense.
We're not looking at her, though.
We're looking at you.
What?
Me? [Chuckles]
[Laughs]
Uh, okay. Okay, look.
I-I-I understand that you are under maxi pressure to identify somebody.
Look,
 resembling a suspect in a double murder here.
But... but me?
[Clears throat]
Well, just look at it from our perspective.
You were with Alicia way before Normandy.
He pushed you out. You know, he took over.
She didn't need you anymore.
Yeah, I was pissed. You bet. I said some things.
But not threats.
Not death threats.
And then I moved on because business is the priority.
And you know what? Normandy, he was actually good for business.
He made Alicia stable ways I never could.
I was grateful to him eventually.
You and Billy were tight, though, right?
No. I was not
with...
We were in the same rooms at the same times.
He was with Normandy. I was with Alicia. They were together.
Until the two of them got rid of the two of you, and you convinced Billy to solve your little mutual problem.
Arrest me and Mirandize me or let me walk out that door.
Did Billy try to squeeze you for more money, but you knew it was never gonna be over while he was still breathing? Is that what happened?
I had nothing to do with killing anyone.
When Billy was shot, I was taking my regular spin class in Bernal Heights at Spin Spirit Studio.
I'm covered.
You check it out.
And now...may I leave?
Sure. We know where to find you.
[Man shouting indistinctly]
He signed in right there for Pagan's class.
Everybody loves Pagan's class.
Is there a chance someone else could've signed in for him?
I was here when he signed in, and I was here when he left.
[Cellphone rings]
He never misses a class.
Spin Spirit isn't just exercise.
Hey.
It's a happening where soul and sweat meet for a psychic revolution.
Once you're hooked, you don't wanna live without it.
Mm. Hard to believe it's legal.
Thanks.
Thank you.
That was Koto. Uh, Reardon wants Lippman booked.
: Give it to me!
Who cares? An alibi for Billy's murder doesn't mean that Lippman didn't hire him to kill Normandy.
Look, you guys, don't be so linear.
These two murders might not even be connected except by wishful thinking.
It's too big a coincidence.
[Files thud]
People get dead for all sorts of reasons.
Billy is no exception.
Look, how 'bout a drug deal that went bad?
Or maybe a football fan who lost his mind?
Or perhaps a husband taking out the competition?
Or maybe it was just the wrong place at the wrong time?
Look, you guys, why do I have to convince you?
You did a great job. You did good work.
Go celebrate.
Look, we all want the right guy for this.
I understand, and if you find evidence that connects Lippman to the second murder, I will be overjoyed to amend the complaint.
But in the meantime, guilty people have been convicted on a lot less than what we have on Lippman.
So, thank you, Inspectors. Thank you, Lieutenant.
: 
[Knock on door]
Yeah?
Hey.
I already did all my SAT prep work for tomorrow.
That math homework was a joke, by the way.
Whatever it's costing you is too much.
You're playing with Normandy Parker?
Yeah.
Kind of weird, right?
But, um, still the best player in the game.
Hey, Michael, can you turn that off?
We need to talk.
Well, that's never good.
[Click]
What's up?
I don't know how to say this except to say it to you straight.
I'm being sued for $15 million by the family of the woman who died in the accident.
You know, I'm gonna defend against it, but right now best case scenario is the worst case scenario.
What does that even mean?
It means I can't get you that car.
And I don't know about out-of-state tuition.
I need you to make this SAT prep worth the money, all right?
You need to max your scores and push your grades up, and we'll try and get you a scholarship.
And if not... then loans.
Loans? We were just handed a new reality, and we're all gonna have to step up.
I just hope we don't lose our house.
You understand?
It's the last thing I wanted.
I'm sorry, buddy. I'm so sorry.
No, no! I'm sorry. Come here. Come here.
No. It's okay.
[Crying] It's okay. It's okay.
I know. Shh.
[Continues crying]
[Elevator bell dings]
[Indistinct conversations, camera shutters clicking]
[Reporters shouting] Andrew: You could've brought me in the back way.
Yeah, well, these were specific instructions. Nothing personal.
The DA wanted to look good, huh?
Something like that.
[Female reporter shouts indistinctly]
Andy, does Alicia know you've been arrested for the murder of Normandy Parker?
[Camera shutters clicking, reporters continue shouting]
Oh, sh1t. Oh, sh1t, that's Alicia's dad.
: That's her dad! Come on!
: Over here!
Mr. Barnes! [Exhaling]
[Reporters shouting indistinctly]
: How's Alicia doing?
[Reporters shouting at once]
Paul Barnes. I'm expected.
Mr. Barnes, do you believe Alicia's involved?
Mr. Barnes, do you believe she's involved?
[Shouting indistinctly]
[Crying] Normandy would still be alive if it wasn't for me.
It's not your fault, honey. You gotta stop blaming yourself.
Billy used my gun to kill him.
It was not your gun, okay? It was Andrew's gun, baby.
That's why he's the one in jail.
Do you know what... what they're saying on social media?
They're... they're saying lawyer and pop star take out jealous boyfriend in love triangle gone wrong.
You gotta stop reading that garbage, okay?
You have to focus on what's important right now, baby, and that's your health.
You don't know what it's like for me in here.
The food is
The equine therapy is sh1t.
The web site says that all the sheets are 900-thread countm and it feels like 600.
It's like sleeping on sandpaper, okay?
I just... I just wanna come home, Daddy.
I know you do. I know you do, baby.
It's just not that simple right now.
Yes, it is. Yes, it is.
I signed myself into rehab. I can sign myself out!
[Exhales]
And then what's gonna happen next?
Are you strong enough to handle all this?
I loved Normandy so much.
I know you did, baby. I know you did.
[Sniffles]
[Crying]
All right, listen.
Look at me.
I want you to promise me something, okay?
Promise me that you're gonna stay here. Okay?
'Cause I need to know that you're in a safe place.
I can't lose you again.
[Sniffles]
♪
[Elevator bell dings]
Hey, Lieutenant.
What happened with Luke?
Uh, there's... there's nothing there.
I bring you Luke, you come back with Andrew Lippman?
Look, Luke's not our guy.
How do you know that?
[Sighs] It's... it's a longer story than I have time to tell you right now.
Okay.
All right, um, how about you meet me at Rosewater Tavern, an hour?
Uh, okay.
Okay.
[Clears throat]
It's, uh, Dollar Taco Night tonight. You hungry?
Oh, I can't tonight. I have dinner plans.
What? You got a hot date?
Mm, kinda.
Who with?
Oh, um... Burnside, actually.
Burnside? Again?
Again.
Huh.
: How's Cassie doing? And Michael?
Good. I mean, it's called a trial for a reason, but, uh, we'll get through it. None for me, thanks.
Well, Janie sends her love.
Oh.
And thank you for referring me to Al Arkin.
You were spot on about him.
You know, we got a real shot at acquittal.
Oh, I'm glad to hear it, Mario.
But this whole thing has really forced me to look at my future.
You know, where I want to see myself.
You know, even with a clear win, I'll never get the trust of the public again.
And the ethical decision would be to resign.
But, uh, whenever one door closes, another one opens, right?
So I was thinking I'd like to take you up on your offer.
I assume that's why you called.
And I wanted to talk to you face-to-face.
Look, we both know that circumstances have changed since then.
You can't even promise you'll be able to practice law.
I'm not gonna get disbarred, Frank.
Okay, fine.
Let's say you're right. I-I hope you're right.
But I had to push hard to get you that offer in the first place. Half my partners hate you.
Yeah, because I beat their ass in court.
You tell them I will teach them everything I know.
Well, they'll love that.
They'll love 
Who else has the perspective I do? Hmm?
A career prosecutor who has also been a defendant.
That gives me a 2-way insight that I never had before.
And you know that DAs make mistakes, but I know
and
That makes me a hell of an asset, Frank, and that's why you came to dinner tonight.
[Piano playing light jazz]
Okay. Best I can do.
If you're acquitted, I will speak to the executive committee.
Thank you.
Although, considering what you're up against, you get a clean walk, maybe we should hire Arkin instead.
Ha.
Okay, so Luke Wedman had means, motive, and opportunity... the trifecta for a case, plus a prior threat against Normandy with a gun, and he fits the general description of the shooter.
What more do you need?
He didn't have opportunity.
How so?
His alibis were rock solid for both murders.
When Billy James was getting killed, Luke was busy posing for pictures with a whole school full of little kids as Principal for the Day.
Oh, come on.
Yeah. And you'll appreciate this one.
When Normandy Parker was getting killed, Luke was busy beating up his girlfriend.
[Sighs]
So the SFPD is his alibi.
Hey, what do you wanna drink?
Um, I'll have an IPA, please.
What can I get you?
Uh, two IPAs, please.
Okay.
Thanks.
[Sighs] Tell me Luke at least got arrested for domestic violence.
Mnh-mnh.
An internal police report was filed, but no arrest.
But it does take him off the suspect list for homicide.
Here you go.
Unbelievable.
Thank you.
Wow. [Clears throat]
Cheers.
[Glasses clink]
Cheers.
Um, I wanted to thank you.
[Clears throat]
For what?
Well, I took your "be a responsible journalist" advice.
I have an interview next week with ESPN.
They are looking for an investigator reporter who specializes in hard-to-find stories. So...
All right. [Chuckles]
That sounds like you.
Well, I like a good challenge. Don't you?
That depends.
Hmm.
♪
Hey. Congratulations.
Well, it's not like I got the job yet.
No. You're gonna look good in high-def.
: ♪ I'll break your heart ♪

♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
I'm an expert on these things.
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪

♪ Late at night I lie awake ♪

♪ Just thinking about your pretty face ♪

♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
[Keys clatter]
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪

♪
♪ Late at night I lie awake ♪

♪ Just thinking about your pretty face ♪

♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪

♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪

♪ I'll never leave you on the wire ♪

♪ So let me touch your fire ♪

♪ Oh, oh ♪

♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪

♪ Oh, oh ♪

♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
[Siren wailing in distance]
So back in the 9th century, a goat herder by the name of Kaldi noticed that his goats were acting kind of odd.
So they were all energetic and they wouldn't go to sleep at night.
Okay.
So he went to see what was up, and he discovered that his herd were eating the fruit off a coffee tree.
I thought coffee came from a bean.
It does, but the bean is the seed in the fruit.
Ah.
So Kaldi then goes to his local monastery, and he tells them all about his goats, and then they take the fruit, they turn it into a drink.
You fast forward 1,200 years, and you get hipster coffee bars on every block.
You know a lot of weird sh1t.
[Laughs]
[Laughs]
Yes, I do. Thank you.
I have a lot of downtime at the morgue and not a lot of company.
Except for dead people.
Right.
And they don't talk back.
No.
[Chuckles]
[Chuckles]
[Engine idling]
[Engine stops]
[Siren wailing in distance]
[Sighs]
So...
So... [Chuckles]
That was fun. Thanks. I had a good time.
Yeah, me, too.
Yeah.
Thanks.
So, um...
See you at work then.
Yeah, for sure. Night.
Good night.
[Switch clicks]
[Engine starts]
♪
[Touchscreen clicking]
[Cellphone bloops]
[Cellphone chimes]
[Bottle thuds]
[Sighs]
[Cellphone thuds]
♪
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
