Previously on "Nashville"...
Some people aren't into pling an openly gay artist on the radio.
It's an order to appear in court for an emancipation hearing.
If you keep going down this road, I will make sure that no one ever works with you again.
We should try to prepare for tomorrow.
We've been doing interviews for four days straight.
It's 
You're extraordinary, Scarlett.
I knew you'd change my life.
: I don't want to lie to you anymore.
I still love you. You just take your time.
You know where to find me.
Juliette, the only thing going on between Avery and Layla is her music.
♪
[Sighs]
You are a good mother.
You know that.
Then why am I facing our daughter in court today?
Because she's having the wool pulled over her eyes.
That's why.
No judge is gonna rule in favor of a 16-year-old runaway.
[Sighs]
I can't believe we have to go through all this.
I know.
We're gonna get through it together.
So, nervous?
It was my first acting gig.
I highly doubt I'm gonna get nominated for an Oscar.
[Scoffs] You never know.
Hey, did Avery say anything to you last night when he dropped Cadence off?
About the Oscars?
About anything.
Not really, no.
Wait, here we go. This is it.
They're gonna announce your category.
: 
Juliette Barnes, "Shenandoah Girl."
Oh, my!
Yes!
[Laughs]
(Laughing): Congratulations!
[Cellphones ringing]
[Pounding on door]
: Hey!
[Pounding continues]
Who? What? Sorry, yeah.
Oh, good morning.
 has been waiting for 20 minutes, and where's Gunnar? He's not in his room.
I don't know. I'll be right there.
Gunnar, get up!
What?
[Water running]
, interview.
We're late. Wake up!
Oh, crap.
: 
Not sure how the management's gonna feel about it because it comes from an artist who made quite a splash a year ago.
It's called "Spinning Revolver," and it's by Will Lexington.
[
]
♪ 
 ♪
My song's on the radio.
♪ 
 ♪

♪ 
 ♪
[Chuckles]
My song's on the damn radio!
♪ 
 ♪
[Laughs]
My song's on the radio!
Ah! Ow. Ooh.
[Elevator bell dings]
[Chuckles]
What floor?
Um, uh, the lobby.
Lobby.
Thank you.
[Groans]
Let me give you a hand.
[Chuckles]
I got you.
Thank you.
So, are we gonna talk about what happened?
Was it just the scotch?
No, it wasn't just the scotch.
[Elevator bell dinging]
[Elevator bell dings]
Finally. Come on.
[Clears throat]
But this is less formal than an actual trial, right?
Yes, but the same rules apply.
There will be testimony, cross examinations, objections.
What there can't be is any sort of outburst.
At least not from us.
It's gonna be an emotional day.
Not gonna be a problem.
Helps that it's private.
'Cause the plaintiff's a minor, only those named in the case or invited by either party can be present.
Then what's he doing here?
I don't know.
Hey.
What's going on?
Cash asked me to come.
Couldn't say no to my daughter. You understand that, don't you?
No, I don't.
What she's doing here is wrong, Frankie, and you should tell her that.
Even if I did, kids don't always listen.
♪
: All rise for the Honorable Judge Goenner.
♪
You may be seated.
[Cellphone ringing]
[Groans]
Something wrong with Cadence?
No, she's fine. Sorry to call you this early.
: I just got nominated for an Oscar.
What's going on?
Oh. One sec.
That's great. Congratulations.
Who is that?
Is somebody there with you?
[Sighs] Look, uh, I'm sorry you had to find out like this.
Tell me who it is.
I... it doesn't matter who I'm with.
I-I don't have to explain myself to you anymore, Juliette.
I-I have to go.
Now all the talk shows are calling.
What's wrong?
Avery's with Layla.
♪
What the hell, Henry?
I asked you point blank if Avery was sleeping with Layla and you said no!
Because I didn't think he was.
What, is this some sort of loyalty thing?
Have you been covering for him this entire time?
Juliette, I didn't know anything about it, I swear!
I feel like such an idiot.
Why?
Because I went to his room last night and I asked him for another chance.
I told him I still loved him.
And he said he loved me.
Then I don't understand.
Why would he be with her?
Oh, my God.
She's manipulating him.
What?
She's manipulating everyone.
First she signs with my manager, then she takes a spot on my old tour. Now Avery.
She is trying to steal my life!
That doesn't make any sense. Why would she do that?
[Scoffs]
Is everything okay with Juliette?
Yeah.
She, uh, just called to tell me that she got an Oscar nomination.
Good for her.
Listen...
Last night was great, but, um, I have to go pick up Cadence now.
Okay.
Hey, Layla.
I really did have a great time, okay?
Mm.
♪
[Door opens, closes]
Hi, Stephanie. So sorry we're late.
It's all right.
Most musicians aren't morning people.
Leon here is gonna take a few pictures for the article.
You guys don't mind, do you?
No.
No, no, not at all.
Excuse me.
Can we grab two coffees... one with cream, one black.
: Sure thing.
So, The Exes opening for Autumn Chase as your single makes its way up the country charts.
Not bad for a couple kids who met at the Bluebird Café a few years ago.
Well, actually, we, uh, we 
 meet there.
We... we met at a street fair in East Nashville.
Which [Chuckles] I wasn't even aware of until last night.
Wait, so the Bluebird wasn't where it all began for you two?
It's where we became a duo.
If Gunnar hadn't have put one of my poems to music, dragged me up onstage, and forced me to sing it, we might never have happened at all.
: Let's talk about the future.
Well, I'm working toward my GED, which I should have soon.
And I've already gotten offers from record labels.
Good ones, so I'll completely be able to support myself.
I don't want my daughter worrying about money and career right now.
I-I want her to be able to be a teenager.
And is this sentiment shared by your ex-husband and Maddie's father, Teddy Conrad?
Yes, it is, and I have an affidavit signed by him stating as much.
We both feel very strongly that Maddie needs to be at home with her family, and we have major concerns about her living situation right now.
This young woman that she's staying with has already exercised very poor judgment in regards to Maddie.
Rayna and Deacon brought 
 in.
Both of them told me how great I was for their daughter as a songwriting partner and as a role model.
Now as Maddie's friend, I am trying to help her get out from underneath her parents, who are truly trying to keep her down.
I honestly don't feel as though they have her best interests at heart.
There's just no way in the world that Cash can care more about my daughter's future than I do.
And in my opinion, Cash is trying to exploit Maddie.
She's practically working as a manager, which she's not qualified to do.
I asked her to act as my manager.
If anyone's being controlling, it's my mother.
She's the one who kept me from signing with Sony so she could keep me on her own label.
She has not included me in any decisions, professional or personal.
: I'm trying to guide her.
It's not about controlling, it's about protecting.
I know what it is for young girls to try to get into this business.
They need guidance.
I didn't have that, and I wish I did.
Maddie, I'm your mother.
I love you.
Please don't push me away.
[Knock on door]
[Bleep]
[Door opens]
What's with the glare?
You're sleeping with Layla?
Excuse me?
I just got reamed by Juliette. How long has this been going on?
[Sighs]
Not that it's any of your business, but it just happened for the first time last night.
[Scoffs] So, right 
 Juliette showed up on your doorstep and told you she loved you and you said you loved her.
It's complicated, okay?
No, no.
It's not right, is what it is.
No, I'll tell you what isn't right.
All I want is a fresh start, but she won't let me go!
Fine. It's your life.
♪
You know, I just hope you didn't sleep with Layla to keep yourself from being with Juliette.
[Door opens, closes]
[Sighs]
[Cellphone rings]
Hello?
Does Layla know?
Know what, kiddo?
What happened on the rooftop in Atlanta.
W... Um... I can't imagine.
I didn't tell her, and neither did Gabriella.
We, uh, handled it with the utmost discretion.
Why are you asking?
Because she's sleeping with my husband!
You mean your ex-husband, right?
Don't you think that's crazy?
It's got to be some psychotic form of revenge.
Juliette, I think maybe you're a little paranoid here.
Sometimes people just fall for each other, especially if they're working together.
I am telling you that Avery would never choose her!
Not unless she wormed her way into his good graces.
Okay.
This girl's got an agenda, and I'm gonna prove it.
Juliette...
[Sighs]
[Cellphone rings]
Whatever you're about to say needs to be sane, okay?
Or at least delivered in a calm voice.
Okay.
Well, um, Will's single is being played in the top 20 markets... New York, Chicago, L.A.
Oh, that's great. Uh, what about Nashville?
Any play up there?
Yeah, but...[Sighs]
Let me guess... that was good news?
You near a TV?
Yeah.
You might want to turn it on.
: 
I even met him socially before.
But I can't turn a blind eye to the agenda he's pushing.
Luke Wheeler is suggesting Americans are bigots.
Why?
Because we don't like certain lifestyles being made to seem normal to us and to our kids.
Do we really want them turning on the radio and hearing an avowed homosexual like Will Lexington?
Rayna invested so much time and energy in me.
I-I felt terrible letting her down.
So much so that I-I almost moved back to Mississippi.
But I discovered that it wasn't performing that was the problem.
It was performing alone.
And I was lucky enough that Gunnar and Avery still wanted to sing with me when I got back.
: Come on. [Scoffs]
We were the lucky ones. I mean, that voice.
Before you joined them, though, they were in a group with your childhood friend Zoey Dalton.
Yeah.
And you and Zoey were in a romantic relationship, right?
Uh, yep.
That had to have been difficult for you.
Your ex-boyfriend and your best friend getting together.
Uh, I mean, not... not really.
I didn't know about it for a while, so...
: Oh.
So they kept it from you.
[Chuckles] No, we... we wanted to be sensitive to Scarlett's feelings.
I think it's just a chapter we saw different.
That's all.
: Time to travel.
Soundcheck awaits.
: Okay. Thank you.
[Keyboard clacking]
So, how do you think it's going?
Look, I know this judge. She's got kids of her own.
Really think you're winning her over.
: Honestly, if we don't turn the dial up, she won't rule in our favor.
We need to use our alternate strategy.
Look, I know that you don't want to do that.
I don't.
Tara says that we have to.
: I'll only have you back on the stand 15 minutes, tops.
Hey.
Ask yourself this...
How bad do you want your freedom?
: Your mother's husband, Deacon Claybourne... how is he related to you?
He's my biological father.
Though he's only known that for a few years.
So, he hasn't been a parent for long?
Can you remember ever being scared by his behavior?
♪
Yes.
Can you tell us about that?
Well, he, like, pulled me offstage when I was performing, and he shoved a photographer to the ground one time.
Like, really hard.
And at his house, he, like, completely destroyed a room.
Can you put a stop to this?
I'd be overruled.
This line of questioning goes directly to her feelings about being in the home.
: Maddie, last question.
Have you ever feared for your personal safety around him?
♪
Tell the truth, Maddie.
♪
[Maddie sniffles]
[Sighs]
Yes.
♪
And I wouldn't feel safe living with him anymore.
♪
Yeah, I heard what she had to say, and we'll just push back.
No, no, the last thing I want to do is dignify it with a response.
Well, in my experience, Cynthia's bark's always been a lot worse than her bite, but I get where you're coming from.
How about, um, "Ellen" or "The View"?
No, Luke, you don't get where I'm coming from because if you did, you'd know I don't want to talk at all.
Is it a good single?
Yeah, it is. That's all that should matter.
That's all that should get said.
Will, I respect your opinion on this, but she fired a shot.
We're not just gonna get away by ignoring it.
How'd you feel if I went on Cynthia's show instead?
I've met her before, and she's not as unreasonable as she sounds on TV.
[Sighs]
If... if that's what you want to do.
Hey. Sorry about that.
[Laughs] Soundcheck went longer than we thought it would.
No prob. So, where did we leave off?
[Sighs]
Okay.
So, you two perform as The Exes, but you never speak about your personal relationship in interviews.
How did it start?
Tell me about your first date.
Uh, [Chuckles] we didn't really have one.
[Chuckling] No.
It just sort of happened over time, I guess.
Yeah, we... we were co-workers and writing partners, then roommates...
And it hit you like a bolt of lightning?
Or one of you made the first move?
Oh, really?
So, what made you finally cross the line, Scarlett?
Um, it was a really turbulent time, and... um, Gunnar's brother just passed away, and I cared very much about him, and it... it brought us together.
[Cellphone ringing]
[Sighs] I'm so sorry.
It's my editor.
I have to take this. I'll be right back.
: Yeah, I'm in the middle of an interview right now.
So, if... if Jason hadn't passed away, we would've never gotten together?
What?
So, it was just... it was pity s*x?
That's not what I said at all.
Yeah, that's... that's what you meant.
No, it's not. At all.
Guess it's just another chapter we see differently.
Apologies. Let's get back to it, shall we?
♪
Glenn, tweet whatever you want from my account.
"I'm thrilled, I'm honored," blah, blah, blah.
You seen Layla?
I think she's in her dressing room.
Listen, I got to go.
[Knock on door]
Hey. Can we talk?
Sure.
About this morning...
I think we both know how difficult this would be with Cadence and Juliette and...
Avery, stop.
I get it.
Look, last night was wonderful, but this morning and right now, I know there are a lot of mixed feelings, and I can see how hard that is on you.
And I don't want that.
You have a lot on your plate right now, and I don't want to make your life any more complicated than it already is.
I care about you too much to do that.
So, maybe it would be better if we just go back to the way things were.
Just go back to being friends.
Look, uh...
I'm just gonna be honest with you, okay?
I don't really know where I am on a lot of things right now, but I do know that you've been a great friend, and talented as hell, and you're not complicated, and that's... that's a beautiful thing.
So, if it doesn't scare you too much to be with me even though my life is a complete mess... [Chuckles] ...I think we should give it a shot.
That is, if... if you're still interested.
Yeah.
♪
But you've never actually been injured by Mr. Claybourne, correct?
No.
: Nothing further.
: You may step down.
[Sobs]
Come here.
[Maddie crying]
Counsel, is there anything else?
: Yes, Your Honor.
We'd like to call Deacon Claybourne to the stand.
♪
Thank you for agreeing to testify today.
Glad to have a chance to explain a couple of things that my daughter was referring to.
Actually, that's not what I'd like to talk about.
Mr. Claybourne, is it true you got into an altercation with Maddie's father and then Mayor Teddy Conrad in front of City Hall?
Look, when that happened, I...
Is it also true that you attacked a member of the Revel Kings backstage at a concert when you were a member of that band?
Objection.
Overruled.
Goes to pattern of behavior. I'd like to hear it.
: Mr. Claybourne, is it true you got into an altercation with Luke Wheeler?
[Scoffs]
Mr. Wheeler was in my house...
Did you or did you not drunkenly give your then girlfriend and now wife a black eye in the early '90s?
♪
It was an accident.
I am an alcoholic.
I was blacked out at the time. I do not even recall it.
How do they even know any of this?
From Maddie?
I mean, they couldn't have had time to hire a private investigator.
Is it true you once choked out Coleman Carlisle in an alcoholic rage?
[Scoffs]
May I remind you you are under oath?
Did you attack Coleman Carlisle in an alcoholic rage?
♪
Mr. Claybourne.
Yes.
And is it true you got into yet another altercation punching a man in the parking lot of the Bluebird?
Yes.
Is it true you were involved in a drunk-driving accident that took the life of your friend Vince Jamison?
Yes.
And is it true that you were the cause of a car accident that almost took the life of Maddie's mother, your wife, Rayna Jaymes?
Yes.
I can't believe she's doing this.
I can't believe 
 did it.
I told Frankie every one of those things in the strictest of confidence.
I know.
You know that's why he's here, too.
Because he told his daughter every bit of it and her damn lawyer, too.
Well, and Lord knows what lies Cash is telling Maddie.
I just... I don't recognize our daughter right now.
Well, it won't hurt our case.
We explained your actions in cross, we established how long you've been sober.
We rebutted everything as well as we possibly could have.
: They played that card out of desperation.
Well, I just hope the judge sees that.
Well, either way, it's in her hands now.
She'll make a decision by tomorrow morning.
All we can do now is wait.
[Sighs]
Can I at least get a monitor?
It's kind of hard to have a conversation this way.
Yeah, I'm sorry, man. This was put together really quick today, so...
So, just look right at the camera?
Exactly.
Yeah.
: 
Up next is a man who made a pretty big statement recently, one I take issue with.
Thanks for being on the show, Luke.
My pleasure, Cynthia.
I understand you're performing tonight, so let's not waste any time.
[
]
Well, uh, all due respect, that's not what I'm doing.
Will Lexington's music is great, and his being gay has nothing to do with it.
That's right.
Oh, Luke, it's got everything to do with it.
How are we supposed to separate the musician from the music?
Come on. Give me a break.
Oh!
I wonder how true that is.
You have a son, isn't that right, Luke?
I mean, if your son came home one day with a boyfriend on his arm, would you be happy about that?
Look, I'd love my son no matter what.
Of course you do.
But would you be 
 about it?
[
]
...because it'd be a harder life for him thanks to people like you.
I-I'm sorry, th-the feed was cut.
No, cables are good, check the GR.
Wait, when?
No. No, no, no, no, no.
But we're not, because we know right from wrong.
And it's wrong when sports figures or actors or singers use their status to force-feed us their opinions.
Oh, like you're not?!
Because politics and music don't mix.
And if you, like me, like listening to the radio without thinking about what gay men do, call every country radio station in your area and you tell them what you 
♪
I'm gonna call Abby's and check on Daphne.
Okay.
No, I'm not.
I can't even have a conversation right now.
[Cellphone clatters]
Oh, God, I trusted him, Ray.
I mean, it's hard enough hearing every damn thing I ever done, but to watch her have to say it?
You see her face?
Yeah.
Hell, I'd be scared of me, too.
That's not who I am.
I know that.
It's not who she is, either.
She didn't want to be up there saying all that stuff.
She's just being manipulated.
I just hope and pray that this judge is... is a reasonable person.
Me, too.
[Inhales deeply]
I'm gonna go upstairs.
I'll be up in a minute.
♪
So, while you were still writing together and dating, Scarlett, you signed solo with Highway 65, and you had a single, "Gun for a Mouth," on college radio, right?
Yeah.
What made the two of you pursue separate recording careers?
Uh, it was never my intention to pursue a solo career.
We, uh, we were both invited to audition for Highway 65, but Gunnar... couldn't make it that day.
I asked Rayna after the fact to still consider us both, but it's not the way it worked out.
She took me under her wing, and Gunnar was really supportive at the time.
So, you two were in a good place?
We were, yeah.
Then, why did you say no when Gunnar asked you to marry him?
Oh, sorry, I already interviewed Autumn for this story.
She told me The Exes became exes because of a rejected proposal.
Did she get that wrong?
♪
A-Actually, Gunnar and I already parted ways at that point.
What do you mean, "parted ways"?
♪
[Inhales deeply]
A marriage proposal is a huge life decision, and it felt like a delayed reaction to his brother's passing and our breakup.
And I was trying to do what was best for us, so I said no.
[Clears throat] You know, it's, uh, it's getting late.
We should probably go get ready for the show.
Thank you.
Okay.
♪
Really sorry. I'll see you after.
Yep.
Break a leg out there, you two.
Babe.
Hey, babe, are you coming up?
[Cheers and applause]
: All right!
It is an honor to bring this next rising star to the stage of The Beverly tonight.
Y'all give it up.
Kelsea Ballerini!
[Cheers and applause]
Thank you, Frankie!
This one's for you.
["Peter Pan" plays]
♪ The smile, the charm, the words, the spark ♪

♪ Everything, you had it ♪

♪ I guess I had a naive heart ♪

♪ 'Cause boy, I let you have it ♪

♪ You said I was your only ♪

♪ Never thought you'd leave me lonely ♪

♪ You're just a lost boy ♪
I need to talk to you.
♪ With your head up in the clouds ♪

♪ You're just a lost boy ♪

♪ Never keep your feet on the ground ♪

♪ Always gonna fly away ♪

♪ Just because you know you can ♪

♪ Never gonna learn there's no such place as Neverland ♪

♪ You don't understand ♪
[Door opens]
♪ You'll never grow up ♪

♪ You're never gonna be a man ♪
I don't know how you could do that, man.
You're my sponsor.
Why'd you tell your daughter every damn thing I ever done so she can use it against me in court?
Maybe because your wife threatened to ruin her career.
What the hell are you talking about, man?
Ah, turns out queen of country thinks she runs all of Nashville.
♪ Now it's happily ever never ♪
This ain't got nothing to do with Rayna.
You know that.
It's about your damn daughter sinking her fangs into my little girl.
Watch your mouth.
She ain't got no career, Frankie.
Shut it.
You know that.
That's why she's leeching on to Maddie like some...
[Grunts] What the hell, Frankie?!
[Grunts]
♪
You lost your damn mind?!
♪
Leech?
You're the damn leech.
And your wife's a downright bitch!
[Grunts]
♪
Your stole this bar just like you stole your damn dead sister's liver!
Shut up!
So you could live a little longer with that rich-ass wife!
Shut up!
Damn it, Deacon, get off!
Shut up!
Just shut up!
What are you doing, man?
[Spectators gasping]
He tried to kill me!
Is he okay?
Somebody call the cops!
Frankie, you all right?
: Tried to kill me.
♪♪
[Ringing]
Go ahead and leave your message.
[
]
: 
You're scaring the hell out of me.
Where are you? Please.
: I know it could've gone better, but we got our message out there... nothing matters but the music.
: We?
Luke, it was just you.
Instead of letting this lie like I asked, you kept the conversation going, and to be honest, you made it worse.
Because she cut me off!
Will, I get you don't want to be out there talking about your personal business, but somebody had to say something, 'cause you sure as hell weren't going to.
[Sighs]
Look, I'm sorry, but these people... they won't just go away 'cause we ignore them.
You're right. I... appreciate what you did.
Look, you know what, it's been a crap day all around.
And I hate to break it to you, but it's probably gonna get worse before it gets better.
But you have my word we are in this fight together.
Yeah.
You get some rest, son, and, uh, I'll check in tomorrow.
All right.
[Cellphone beeps]
[Knock on door]
Hey, Juliette, just want to wish you...
This have to do with Layla?
I overheard a conversation between her and Avery.
And you were right. I was being paranoid.
She doesn't have any motives.
She actually gave him an out, and he didn't take it.
Well, it's, uh... it's not what you wanted to hear, but at least there's no foul play.
No, it's worse.
Knowing that Avery had a choice and he chose her?
[Scoffs]
Layla Grant?
Can I ask you something?
Why do you hate her so much?
Maybe it's just easier to hate her than acknowledge the pain that I've caused her.
Juliette... it was an accident.
It was more than just an accident. We both know that.
♪ Been out here every night and day ♪

♪ Waitin' on the blues to go away ♪
You can stop not talking now. The interview's over.
Would've been nice if I hadn't had to do it on my own.
Maybe I just didn't want to confuse her with a different set of facts.
You really didn't give me a choice.
I didn't tell her anything that wasn't true.
Scarlett, your interpretation of events... it's not the same as the truth.
I'm sorry, what does that mean?
It means it wasn't a delayed reaction.
I proposed because I loved you.
But no, you choose to see that in the worst possible light, 'cause that's how you see everything when it comes to me.
And, you know, I'm sick of it.
I'm sick of you not giving me any credit for being a different person now than I was back then.
But maybe that's 'cause you haven't changed.
You're still the same judgmental person who's afraid of getting hurt.
: Ladies and gentlemen, give a warm Phoenix welcome to The Exes!
[Cheers and applause]
♪ You can bury me alive ♪

♪ You can throw away your shovel ♪

♪ No matter how you try ♪

♪ I will rise up from the rubble ♪

♪ Never put me down, keep me underground ♪

♪ Never gonna fade away ♪

♪ One step ahead from being stone-cold dead ♪

♪ I'll do whatever it takes ♪

♪ And I'm never gonna hit the brakes ♪

♪ You can bury me alive ♪

♪ You can throw away your shovel ♪

♪ No matter how you try ♪

♪ I will rise up from the rubble ♪

♪ I ain't here to start no fight ♪

♪ But if I finish, you're in trouble ♪

♪ You can knock me down to size ♪

♪ But I will rise up from the rubble ♪
Hey.
Can we talk?
Jeff had a bigger heart than anybody knew.
Especially me.
And he died saving my life.
Why are you telling me this now?
[Voice breaking] Because I'm sorry.
For taking away the man that you loved.
I know you're probably surprised to hear all this from me.
But I hope it gives you comfort... and closure.
You okay?
[Sighs]
Look...
I-I appreciate you finally coming clean.
♪
But this changes nothing between us.
I know.
[Buzzer]
[Door closes]
This was all him, Ray. All of it.
You shouldn't have gone there.
[Sighs]
Frankie and Cash are filing restraining orders against us.
He's saying you tried to kill him.
That is such crap.
You know that is not true, baby.
All I know is that you're sitting in a jail and he's sitting in a hospital with a cracked rib and a broken nose.
I didn't go there to fight.
What'd you go there for?
Not this.
What'd you think was gonna happen?
Not this. I was just talking.
Is that right?
I was talking to him, and he sucker punched me and he kept coming at me.
He wouldn't stop. I couldn't...
Deacon, if you didn't want that to happen, you would've told me you were going, and I would've said, "No, don't go. Don't do that."
You listened to everything that they said in that court and you went there anyway.
Just once in your life, you could've held back.
[Sighs]
I'm sorry, baby.
♪
[Deacon sighs]
Yeah, so we changed your settlements like you wanted...
[Indistinct conversation]
Hey, I'll see you guys in there.
Hey, can I have a minute?
Uh, I-I'll catch up with you later.
I just have one question.
Okay.
Are you happy?
Uh, yeah.
Yeah, I am.
Good.
You deserve it.
Thanks.
Have a good show.
You all right?
♪
[Sighs]
I had to let him go.
I'm sorry. I know it couldn't have been easy.
No, it wasn't.
Neither was telling Layla the truth, but...
I know it was the right thing.
You know what?
The trouble with doing the right thing is that it usually sucks for a long time before it gets better.
I can't believe I'm going out there like this.
[Sighs]
Anything I can do to make it better?
Well...
: Killer show, guys.
Pretty soon, you'll be headlining places like this.
Thank you.
Oh.
Well, we're real excited to read the article.
Thank you so much for coming out.
Oh. Thank you for such great access.
I do have one last question.
Given everything you two have been through... the broken hearts, the betrayals, the setbacks, the false starts... why is it finally working now?
It only works 'cause we're The Exes.
She's right about that.
[Cheers and applause]
: Miss Juliette Barnes!
♪

♪ Sometimes love is a penny on the ground ♪

♪ And you like the way it shines ♪

♪ Feel a little lucky, so you take a chance ♪

♪ 'Cause it felt like the perfect time ♪

♪ You dig down deep ♪

♪ And give it everything ♪
Luke Wheeler!
♪ Steel on steel, we built this town ♪

♪ With two young hearts on fire ♪

♪ Whole world never seen a rush like this since 1845 ♪

♪ Lord knows we found ♪

♪ Enough to go around ♪

♪ Till that dirt runs out of gold ♪

♪ And the diamonds turn back to coal ♪

♪ So much water till the well runs out ♪

♪ Our hearts start to rust and the luck don't polish up ♪

♪ The ride up always comes back down ♪

♪ Sometimes love is a boomtown ♪

♪ Love is a boomtown ♪

♪ Yeah, baby, it's a boomtown ♪
You all right?
You ever wanted to hear something from someone for so long, and then when you finally do, it just doesn't really matter anymore?
♪ Take that train till the tracks run out ♪
Not sure I know what you mean.
♪ 'Cause no one cares to warn ya ♪
Nothing.
♪ When you play that game ♪

♪ Till it's too late ♪

♪ Till that dirt runs out of gold ♪

♪ And the diamonds turn back to coal ♪
You want to get out of here?
Sure.
♪ So much water till the well runs out ♪
: 
That's right. Davis had accused Wheeler of, quote, "pushing a homosexual agenda" after he turned over his slot on "Good Morning America" yesterday to Will Lexington, a gay artist on his record label, and encouraged viewers to call radio stations and demand airplay for him.
While Wheeler appeared on Davis' show, there has been no public comment from Lexington himself.
[Indistinct shouting]
[Glass shatters]
[Car alarm blaring]
[Cheering]
Hey!
Hey!
[Tires squeal]
[Blaring continues]
♪
You okay?
Well, this was a very difficult decision.
But after last night's events, which give me serious pause... an emancipation will be granted, and Maddie's contract with Highway 65 will be voided.
I'm also issuing a temporary restraining order against Deacon Claybourne.
And, Ms. Jaymes, I'd admonish you to refrain from contacting your daughter during the same 15-day period, otherwise, counsel will have us all back in here with a request to restrain if you should do so.
This court is adjourned.
♪
I'm sorry, Rayna.
♪
We did it.
♪
[Crying]
♪
Under the circumstances, I wouldn't.
I'm gonna be okay, Mom.
♪
[Crying]
♪
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
