Previously on Reign...
Gideon, we can't.
I'm sorry, I just, um...
We might be friends, but our countries are still enemies.
It's one thing to pretend, but to let this be real...
You're pregnant.
I've already arranged to give the child to a loving family.
Amy Dudley is dead.
A servant at the Dudley's country house found her body.
She was at the bottom of the stairs with a broken neck. And now rumors are already spreading that Dudley murdered his wife.
He might hang as a murderer.
Do you want to be accused as well?
I didn't kill her.
We cannot be seen together.
I have my kingdom and the future of my reign to consider.
I'm going to ask the Vatican for funds.
I no longer have French soldiers to rely on.
And Scottish Catholic forces are severely depleted.
Queen Elizabeth will see your raising a Catholic army as an act of aggression.
This is about taking what is mine.
(Whinnying)
So this is what my receiving line has been reduced to... an English spy?
Queen Mary, how was Rome?
I see your valet Jeffrey has returned from England.
Are you officially reporting to him now?
Your trip to the Vatican has caused some... problems for me with Elizabeth.
What does she know?
That you wish to return to Scotland, but because the Protestants have taken over, you need an army to return home safely and went to Rome to ask for one.
As I warned you, she was displeased.
So I shouldn't have gone to the Vatican, is that it?
Are you all right?
What's happened? Mary.
The Vatican has refused to fund my mission to reclaim my throne. Respectfully.
Gideon, I have lost everything.
My mother, my husband... and now my country.
And not even Rome will help me get it back.
Mary, I...
I'm so sorry.
Even if I tried to return home, who's to say Elizabeth would let me cross the English Channel safely?
I'm trapped here.
I'm going to have to tell Elizabeth about this.
I know you do.
She'd learn soon enough anyway.
This is for your daughter.
I saw it in Rome.
Agatha will love it. Thank you.
Mary. Welcome back.
Oh, I'm sorry I wasn't there to greet you.
I was planning my tour of the provinces for the spring.
Oh, the regency suits you.
I did see you arriving from my window.
I couldn't help but notice you talking with the English ambassador at some length.
I was lying to him, telling him my mission in Rome was a failure.
The Vatican was steadfastly behind me.
They've agreed to help me gather any forces I need.
Oh, you're playing possum while building a Catholic army.
My enemies in England and Scotland can't stop me if they don't know my plans.
The element of surprise will help when you arrive.
You do have many Protestants against you... that zealot John Knox, not to mention the Highland tribes, with disregard for any monarchy.
Elizabeth cannot know, either.
So Gideon must be kept in the dark.
Is that difficult for you... to lie to him?
No, it's not difficult at all.
Before you left for Rome I couldn't help but notice you were spending a lot of time together.
There seems to be... a connection between you.
Are you encouraging me to take an English spy as my lover?
As Francis' mother, if you want permission, I give it to you.
Take some comfort.
Just remember, enjoy him but never trust him.
If forced to take a side, Gideon will always choose Elizabeth.
: Your Highness?
Your Highness?
As we were saying... without an heir, and-and in the wake of the recent assassination attempt against you, we urge you to name a successor immediately.
I am recovered, healthy and strong.
But I'm sure you have suggestions for my successor.
We recommend Henry Hastings, third earl of Huntingdon.
A man of royal blood, a devout Protestant, he'd make a fine king.
But, as you've all been pressuring me for weeks, I've made my choice.
This is good news, Your Majesty.
Should I die, the English throne will be passed to my cousin.
Mary, Queen of Scots.
(All murmuring)
Your... cousin?
She's a...
Catholic? A woman?
Yes. She also has a claim to my throne, and should she accept and be named my successor, she will be publicly admitting that I am the rightful queen and hers is the weaker, secondary claim.
Then why would she do it?
Scotland is Protestant.
She's all but lost her throne. And Gideon...
Lord Blackburn, has informed me even her support in Rome has faded.
But that can change if she marries a powerful husband, forges another alliance.
Which is why I'll demand, in return, the power to choose her next husband.
Not a foreign power, but a weak Englishman of my choosing.
Her marriage is the last card she has to play, and I intend to reach across the table and claim it as my own.
That was shrewd.
You chose the only person they want less than you... a Scottish, Catholic woman.
They wanted a successor, so I gave them one.
Thank you, gentlemen.
Catherine, I have news.
Important enough for you to miss the privy council meeting today?
(Door closes)
I hope you're still not pining for the regency.
Water under the bridge.
I'm sure it is.
Or perhaps this has to do with your dear wife.
I understand that she hasn't answered a single one of your letters.
Must be difficult to know she'd rather be in enemy territory than your bedchambers.
As I said, I have news.
I told you before that I did not frame you for Francis' poisoning.
Well, I'm here to prove it.
A signed confession from the royal embalmer saying that he fled without removing Francis' organs.
And as I extracted the truth from him, he confessed that he'd been bribed by Cardinal Morel.
The very man who drove the inquest against you.
You would have me believe that the Vatican has turned against me... a Catholic royal?
Well, what if he were simply turned, not the Vatican?
Any man can be swayed to a different purpose, even a man of the cloth.
By whom?
Someone who does not want you as ruler of France.
Oh right, someone other than me.
I only stepped in once the job became open, I swear.
You want to earn back my favor?
Find Cardinal Morel and bring him to me.
Don't disturb me till you've completed your task.
Being the regent of France, I'm extremely busy.
You understand.
Oh.
(Mirror clatters)
Christophe.
You can't be in my chambers.
I'm gonna have that secret passage sealed tomorrow.
I needed to talk to you.
There's nothing to talk about.
I thought we'd finally reached an understanding...
I won't tell anyone what you did to Claude, you keep the regency.
But now I discover Bash is assigning me to Chambord to clear the chateau grounds of a wolf infestation.
Yes, it's a nasty pack, I'm told.
You ordered this.
You're sending me away for months because you know that I will kill again.
But does it really change anything for me to be far away?
I'd feel better.
Because you won't see it?
Yes.
Because it won't be happening under my own roof.
Well. If it will make you feel better.
Is there really no way for you to stop?
No.
I'm sure I will enjoy hunting in Chambord.
But I will miss you, Catherine.
(Sighs)
(Laughter, indistinct conversations)
You look like my friend Greer.
She's a lovely girl, thriving business, hasn't been to court in weeks.
She sounds familiar.
I'm sorry I've been away so often.
Uh, truth be told, I-I haven't been feeling well.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
I hope it's nothing serious.
No, no, nothing serious.
I really have missed you, Greer.
With Lola gone, I've been...
I didn't come here to feel sorry for myself.
I came to share some good news.
I'll be returning to Scotland soon, but no one must know.
Mary, that's wonderful.
I want you to come with me.
At the very least, I'm going to need a flying squadron of Scottish spies.
I don't suppose there's any way you could wait till summer to return?
Summer?
Greer, I'm coordinating an entire army in secret. There's only a small window of time that I can return.
Yes, of-of course.
Is this an order then?
I'm sorry.
Please try to understand.
I've made a new life for myself here, and though it may seem insignificant to you, it is everything to me.
Mary, if you command it, I will return with you.
But...
I'm asking for permission to stay.
Of course you have permission.
I'm just surprised.
All right. I should be returning to the castle.
Thank y...
(Dog barking in distance)
Archbishop Ridolfi. My guards didn't tell me you're here.
What are you doing in France?
Have you been having any problems getting the support you need for my mission?
I assure you I have kept Elizabeth completely in the dark.
No, my child.
Our plans are moving as we'd hoped.
But there's been a new development in England.
Our spies have learned that Elizabeth is sending you an offer to succeed her as queen of England.
In return, she will choose your next husband.
Accepting would mean conceding that she is the rightful queen of England.
As for the husband, she'll choose somebody benefitting England, not Scotland.
Mary, when the offer comes, you are going to accept.
Why?
She seeks to disempower me by forcing me into a marriage with whatever weak suitor she chooses... most likely a Protestant, mind you.
Don't worry about the marriage.
Rome will help you, and you will help Rome.
How does this help Rome?
Mary, we want a Catholic ruling England.
Once you're officially named her successor Elizabeth will be... removed.
First, we are going to help you retake Scotland.
And then we are going to put you on the English throne.
(Indistinct conversations)
Christophe left for Chambord this morning.
It will be months before you see him at court again.
Thank you, Sebastian.
I'd appreciate it if you'd stop using me to clean up your personal affairs.
Ah, Charles.
This is Arturo. He's an old family friend and a leader of the finest theater troupe in Italy.
You met him when you were just a child.
And now I meet you as King of France.
It is a great honor to perform for your court.
Mother tells me your troupe performs all over Europe.
Thanks to the generous patronage of the Medici family.
But tonight's performance will be unlike anything you have seen.
It is an Italian comedy.
Wonderful. We could use a happy ending.
What better way to celebrate your rule and mine, huh?
And I expect both you and your sister to be there.
(Clears throat) Your Majesty, Queen Mary wishes to speak with you.
Privately.
I did not misunderstand.
They plan to kill Elizabeth after she names me her successor.
(Scoffs) You know that I spent time with Elizabeth, and I liked her. But she is your foe.
Catherine, she is my cousin.
Mary, her death would mean the end your rivalry.
You can unite England and Scotland under your rule.
You yourself said that it's important not to set a precedent of killing monarchs.
You wouldn't be killing anyone. The Vatican would.
How thinly veiled is that?
After a bitter rivalry, I take Elizabeth's throne and benefit from her death?
The world would blame me.
There is every chance I would be struck down in retaliation.
The Vatican must know that.
I'm just a pawn, aren't I?
Even if I were assassinated, they'd just... replace me with the next Catholic in line.
A man would be their preference, don't you think?
Certainly, I believe your thinking is right.
But the question is, what are you going to do about it?
This is the Vatican.
You can't just say "No, thank you" and walk away.
If you decline Rome's advice, you will lose its gold, its armies.
And I will be powerless to take back Scotland from the Protestants.
So what will you do, try to save Elizabeth or your country?
(Whinnying)
Here. It's chilly.
Do you treat all your political hostages so kindly?
Only the ones I find useful.
And you, Lola, have been very helpful.
Are we taking another detour to the village?
To that same gray townhouse, where you disappear for several hours?
These tours you give me of the countryside, they're so you can see your lover, Robert Dudley.
I assure you, he is no longer my lover.
That basket is full of wine from a vineyard near the coast.
I learned this past week it's his favorite.
I'm sure you're longing to have a visit with your son in Scotland.
That can be arranged, as long as you're discreet about what I do in my free time.
Stay in the carriage.
Just be careful.
Robert Dudley is publicly blamed for the murder of his wife and for besmirching your reputation.
I don't think it's an exaggeration to say he is the most hated man in all of England right now.
I appreciate your concern.
Stay in the carriage.
You shouldn't be here, Elizabeth.
It's too dangerous. Didn't you get my note?
I sent a messenger this morning.
No one saw me.
(Sighs)
Yes. But they know I'm here.
Compliments of a nobleman in the village.
Lord Vendell.
He and his friends figured out who I am.
I'll move you immediately.
Where? I'll be eventually recognized wherever I go.
All of England despises me.
You can't keep coming here, Elizabeth.
It's too much of a risk.
Even for visits as innocent as these.
I have no one to talk to at court.
You're gone, William's gone.
Exile is too good for him.
He betrayed you, Elizabeth.
I know.
And I know I should stop seeing you, as we have no future...
I'm so alone.
Besides, you are the only man in England who can beat me at chess.
♪ Down ♪

♪ Never let you down ♪

♪ I never let you down... ♪
(Dogs barking in distance)
What is it?
They're going after Dudley.
He said they knew he was here.
: Come out and face us!
Murderer!
Adulterer!
Go home, Vendell.
You're drunk.
All of you, go home!
This is Robert Dudley!
Wife murderer!
I didn't kill my wife.
: Liar. You brought shame on Our Majesty, the Queen!
You brought shame on all of England!
Someone should kill him for what he's done!
I must fetch my guards.
You cannot intercede on his behalf, or all of England will know you've traveled here to visit him in secret.
You can't afford more scandal.
Who wants to see me duel with this murderer?!
(Cheering)
To restore honor to England!
You want fame, is that it?
You want to write your name in history.
You either duel with me, or I'll slaughter you in the night like the coward you are.
You would hang for killing an innocent man.
No one in England thinks you're innocent.
Grab your sword then.
We duel at dawn.
(Men cheering)
: I know you're a skilled swordsman, but you do not have to do this.
You think this is the first time I've been challenged to a duel?
It won't stop.
Even if I don't fight him today, he'll kill me.
He thinks he can get away with it, make himself a hero.
At least if I die today, I die fighting for your honor.
And mine.
Robert, this is Lady Lola.
There's something you have to know.
Vendell is using pistols.
What? How often have you fired a pistol?
: You must reconsider.
Guns are terribly unreliable.
They often misfire.
Even our soldiers rarely use them in France.
Robert, please.
It's too late now.
There's no turning back.
Keep your distance, so you won't be recognized.
Both these weapons are yours.
Surely you'll just choose the best for yourself.
Of course not. I'm an honorable man.
It's a matchlock pistol.
You light the charge on top, and then whichever gun ignites faster fires first.
Please, Lord, let his fire first.
It's a misfire!
(Gasping)
(Indistinct chatter)
: He had to do it. He was challenged.
: What's the play about, anyway?
It's a comedy about the love lives of royals.
I hear the princess is worth looking at.
Oh.
Shh!
It's starting.
(Applause)
Welcome, all, to the Kingdom of Glory, where the summers are cool and the winters fair.
The king and his queen share a dance on a midsummer night, not a worry on their minds, except who their daughter will marry.
(Light tune playing)
(Knocking)
Gideon. Come in.
Sorry to intrude at such a late hour, but an offer has just arrived from Elizabeth.
She's offered to name you her successor.
If you accept, she will choose your next husband.
I see.
I know it must feel insulting... accepting that your best hope of ruling anything is to inherit the job in another country.
It's a large price to be paid, for sure.
I have lost Scotland.
I am a queen without a country.
Becoming Elizabeth's successor offers the possibility that someday I may rule again.
That possibility protects me.
It will gain me more supporters. It's not much, but right now, Gideon, what other choice do I have?
Well, there's always another choice.
You work for Elizabeth.
Your queen would benefit from this.
Shouldn't you be convincing me to agree?
Don't sign.
If you sign, you weaken your own position and become known as the woman standing behind Elizabeth, not a queen in your own right.
Then she'll own you, like she owns me.
You deserve more, Mary.
Why are you being so kind to me?
Sometimes I get tired of the lies, the... tactics.
Or maybe I just don't want you to marry another Englishman.
(Door opens)
(Lively music plays)
: Finally, our daughter is happy, and all is as it should be.
(Lively music plays)
(Horn blows)
: Behold this king and queen in a new light, for they have built this kingdom on the blood of their own subjects.
Years ago, 13 Red Knights valiantly served the royals only to be falsely accused of worshipping a demon... the Baphomet.
And all were executed by you... their wicked queen.
Let the kingdom heed my warning.
The 13 Knights shall rise again.
The debt shall be paid!
(Whispers): Stop him!
(Gasps) Oh. Arturo, what was that?
It wasn't part of the play.
I tried to go after him, but he disappeared.
I've never seen that mask before, I swear it.
Then what happened? Who was he?
I don't know.
He wasn't one of my players.
He could be anyone.
What the hell was that play, Stephan?!
Are you trying to terrorize me?!
What are talking about?
You're dredging up the past, onstage, for everyone to see, for Charles to see.
I have no idea what Charles saw in the play because I wasn't there.
I was tracking down Cardinal Morel, whose body washed up on a riverbank, his throat slit.
He's been dead for several weeks, at least.
Well, that's convenient, for someone.
Eh, clearly Morel was killed to tie up a loose end.
Let me get this straight.
We're looking for someone with an aversion to loose ends, a penchant for terror tactics, who wouldn't hesitate to kill a cardinal?
Oh, Catherine.
I know. It's you.
No.
I'm warning you, someone else is behind these attacks and whatever nonsense happened onstage.
I am your ally.
I will never trust you again.
I'm not your wife.
I won't be frightened into your arms by a dead rat or a dead cardinal.
(Door opens)
Do you like your new doll, Agatha?
She's beautiful.
Father?
Mm-hmm?
Queen Mary's nicer than Queen Elizabeth, isn't she?
It's hard to say.
By that I mean we shouldn't say.
(Knocking)
I have some work to do now.
Why don't you run along and play?
Gideon, we need to talk.
(Door closes)
I just spoke with a spy in the village who saw Archbishop Ridolfi last night.
Ridolfi's a high level enforcer from the Vatican... it's strange he's made no appearance at French court.
I'm concerned that he might be here negotiating with Mary in secret.
Maybe she lied to us.
Maybe her trip to Rome wasn't a failure and she's gathering strength.
How closely have you been watching her?
As closely as you've been watching me.
You're not much of a servant anymore, Jeffrey, are you?
It's me who serves under you.
Elizabeth sent you to keep an eye on me, to make sure I do my job, seduce Mary and control her.
Well, now's the time.
If Mary's actually headed to Scotland with a Catholic army, she could reclaim her throne and her power.
Do you realize how-how dangerous this would be to Elizabeth to have her successor just beyond the border with an entire army at her command?
That's not a successor, that's a replacement.
This is all theoretical, we don't know for sure.
But if Mary's been lying to me, if she's still working with Rome, I'll destroy her.
I know you will.
For Agatha's sake.
What did you say?
I know you'll do whatever it takes.
(Door opens, closes)
At least when they called me a murderer, I knew it wasn't true.
It's true now.
They will come for you.
I am leaving, and you need to pull yourself together and get out of here.
Go north, try Lancashire.
I want to return to court.
My life is there, my work, Elizabeth.
I can't just roam around aimlessly forever.
No purpose, no way to redeem myself.
I don't know that you can redeem yourself.
Well, I can't just be this.
I can't just be this for the rest of my life.
Just the man who ruined your reputation.
Let me come back to court, Elizabeth.
I'll face their hatred, and day by day, I will do good work, I'll do good statesmanship.
Maybe one day I can be more.
No. You're not thinking clearly.
Elizabeth...
You've already received death threats from court.
If you come back, they will kill you.
‭Then so be it.
There's no outrunning this scandal, Elizabeth.
God knows I've tried.
Robert...
You should go.
(Sighs)
I'll await your permission.
(Birds chirping)
Queen Mary.
What are you doing here?
I was thinking about the offer to succeed Elizabeth as the next Queen of England.
Struggling with whether to accept or decline.
Then I thought about what you said... there is always another choice.
What if we were actually honest with each another?
I'm not sure I understand.
I lied to you... about Rome.
The Vatican is going to support my return to Scotland.
I was ordered to keep it a secret from my enemies, from England.
Why are you telling me this now?
Despite your complicated history with Elizabeth, I believe you want to keep her safe.
I also believe that you care for me.
Is Elizabeth's safety in question?
The Vatican wants something in exchange for their support.
They want me to accept Elizabeth's offer and then when I am named her successor... your queen will be assassinated and I will take her throne.
I don't want to kill my cousin, but I can't say no to the Vatican.
They alone support me in my own country.
Without them, I lose my throne.
And I can't tell Elizabeth what they're planning.
She'd think you were complicit.
That you're only coming clean now because something had gone wrong.
No, she will come after you, block your return to Scotland.
You see my dilemma.
I'm stuck between England and Rome, and I don't know how to get myself out of this.
What do you want me to do?
First of all, tell Elizabeth that I said yes.
It will stall the Vatican.
And then?
I'm going to need your help playing both sides.
If I deal with Rome, and you deal with Elizabeth, we might be able to save her life without sacrificing my country.
Will you help me, Gideon?
I know it's a risk... but I have taken a risk confiding in you.
Don't fight what's between us.
Mary, what's between us are lies and sabotage.
Relationship born in deceit often dies there.
There's more between us than lies.
You know that.
♪ Flowing through my veins ♪

♪ Everything's about to change ♪

♪ Oh, oh ♪

♪ The storm is coming ♪

♪ Oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh, oh ♪

♪ The storm is here ♪

♪ I'm here ♪

♪ Oh, oh ♪

♪ The storm is here ♪

♪ Oh-oh-oh ♪

♪ The storm is coming, coming, coming ♪

♪ Oh-oh-oh ♪

♪ The storm is here. ♪
Gideon, come in.
I'm writing to our queen.
Telling Elizabeth your suspicions about Mary meeting with the Vatican?
Well, clearly Mary's hoping to gather her army secretly, to maintain the element of surprise when she attempts to reclaim her throne from the Protestants.
But once we tell Elizabeth about Mary's plan...
Elizabeth would never let the Queen of Scots win back her throne.
Wherever Mary lands in Scotland, Elizabeth will alert the local Protestants, who will make things very difficult for her.
Hmm.
Did you see Mary?
No. No, I'm seeing her later tonight.
So you haven't sent any word of this to Elizabeth?
No. Not yet.
Gideon, would you fetch me some more ink?
It's in the trunk in the corner.
(Clanking)
(Groaning)
(Both groaning)
(Grunting)
Gideon?
(Grunts)
Gideon!
(Yelling)
(Grunts)
(Sighs)
(Door opens)
I've been wanting to speak with you since the play last night.
(Scoffs)
I didn't write the damn thing. If you didn't like it...
I didn't come here to critique the piece.
I saw your reaction to the man in the Baphomet mask.
The queen he described... that was you, wasn't it?
Bash, it was theater.
When I was a child, Henry woke me up one night and took me out onto the parapet.
He wanted to show me something.
It's something I've never forgotten.
The castle grounds were lined with pikes.
A severed head on each one.
Each of the men's faces was painted with a red cross.
Henry said they were soldiers who'd fallen into devil worship.
There were 13 of them, just like the man on stage referred to "13 Red Knights."
I don't remember any such event.
Perhaps you dreamt it.
No. Now, I've come to realize the tales I was told as a child to describe the horrors I saw were usually lies.
Why were those soldiers killed, Catherine?
I don't believe it had anything to do with devil worship.
I'm surprised you remember.
It was so long ago, and you were so very young.
We owed them money, and we could not pay.
It was your father's idea, but yes, I went along with it.
I said that they should be executed quietly, but...
Henry... he insisted that their heads be put on pikes.
Strike fear, no one will dare question our actions.
Still, I had the heads removed before sunrise.
Dear God.
Well, these are the sins that I live with.
The dead who haunt me.
Bash, whoever took control of that play must be found.
What if they really come after me?
If I'm killed, who will protect Charles?
The realm will be thrown into chaos.
I understand.
What's strange is how much time has passed.
They've been dead for so long.
Are you sure about that?
(Door opens)
I was just thinking of you.
Is that blood on your sleeve? Are you hurt?
Archbishop Ridolfi needs to be more careful.
Jeffrey learned he's here in France, and guessed he was strategizing with you.
Has Jeffrey told Elizabeth yet?
He never had the chance.
Gideon... where is he now?
Dead... his body in a trunk.
Oh, my God.
He was going to warn Elizabeth, and she would not hesitate to have you ambushed by the Protestants.
If I did nothing, you would have lost your chance to reclaim the Scottish throne.
I finished Jeffrey's letter in his handwriting, saying that you've accepted Elizabeth's offer of successorship, and that Jeffrey's on his way back to English court.
Of course, he-he'll never make it.
You turned against your countryman to save me, my throne, my future.
I haven't turned against my queen.
Mary... we must find a way to save you both.
(Sighs)
Queen Elizabeth.
I have returned to serve at your side.
And serve me you shall.
After much consideration, I have decided to raise Robert Dudley's station to The Earl of Leicester.
He will be granted all appropriate lands and titles.
I am humbled.
And I'm not finished.
I have raised your station in order to serve a greater good.
I have named Queen Mary Stuart as my successor, in exchange for choosing her next husband, and I choose you.
Mary has accepted these terms according to a letter I just received from our diplomats at French court.
You will set sail for France immediately.
This marriage will provide peace between our nations.
My Queen, respectfully, I wish to serve you here in England.
And I have decided otherwise.
May I request a private audience?
No. Your queen has spoken, and our decision is final.
Now complete your mission.
Elizabeth.
Do not argue with me here where anyone could see.
How could you do this to me?
Marry me off to your rival, your enemy?
You know I love you.
I know, and I believe you will be loyal to me until the day you die.
Then why?
To save you.
Live in France with her, live in Scotland, I don't care, but live.
(Voice breaking): You will always have my heart.
(Elizabeth crying)
(Knocking)
Just a moment.
(Sniffles, sighs)
Come in.
I just wanted to return this.
The rest of my luggage arrived, so I won't be needing it anymore.
It was very kind of you to lend it to me.
Do you play chess?
Do you?
I'm quite skilled, actually.
Perhaps we could play together.
I know we've not yet discussed personal matters, but I will tell you something about my husband.
I receive a letter from him nearly every day, and I haven't read one.
They remain unopened in a pile because he lied to me, and I deplore him.
Even so, without him, the nights are long and lonely.
I can't imagine what they must be like without the man you truly love.
Thank you.
Despite your heartbreak, I must warn you, I show no mercy.
Lady Lola, I expect no less.
I think I've discovered a way to save both Scotland and my cousin.
I thought is was impossible to keep the Vatican on my side without sacrificing Elizabeth, but I have found an ally.
What lies ahead is daunting, but together, we will get through this.
Together with the Englishman?
Did you sleep with him?
Yes.
I didn't think I was capable, but... apparently...
You are.
And now Gideon is on your side.
What about you?
What do you mean?
Why did you do it?
Was it genuine? Were you giving into temptation?
Or were you seducing him so you can get out of this alive?
Honestly, Catherine...
I don't know.
♪ ♪
(Sighs)
(Gasps) Who's there?
Christophe.
You are supposed to be in Chambord.
I'm afraid it didn't suit me.
I kept straying from my post.
What? To kill?
I'm worse away from you, Catherine. I truly am.
(Horn blowing)
♪ Headlights a-burn ♪

♪ Take me down by the altar... ♪
What is that?
The Red Knights.
(Man grunts)
Catherine, watch out!
(Horn blowing)
♪ How ♪
(Horse whinnying)
♪ How ♪
Are you hurt?
I'm all right.
(Gasps)
♪ How far in all... ♪
What does it say?
"Your debt will be paid."
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
