Editor: 
: My name is Oliver Queen.
After 5 years in hell, I returned home with only one goal-- to save my city, but my old approach wasn't enough.
I had to become someone else.
I had to become something else.
I had to become the Green Arrow.
Previously on "Arrow"...
You won't be able to stop him.
We need to trap him.
Dad?
: We are the same, you and I.
You are wrong.
I am nothing like you.
[Handcuffs clasp]
: I had to put him down, Lyla.
He had reached for my gun.
: Alex, where are we?
Thea.
No. I can't.
Where are you going?
: Rubicon-- designed to prevent any country, even our own, from firing a nuclear missile.
Darhk ripped it out.
: Darhk would control the world's nuclear stockpile.
Andy told me that Genesis was coming.
God wanted to give the world a do-over, so he destroyed it.
: He destroyed it with a flood.
: So nuclear annihilation is Darhk's flood.
What's he planning on building as his ark?
[Alarm blaring]
[Speaking russian]
[Buzzing]
: Rubicon security compromised.
Russia, Markovia, Corto Maltese, us, every NATO Ally-- Rubicon has control over all their nuclear systems.
You mean HIVE does.
I know it's a little late for this, but whoever created an algorithm that could override any country's nuclear weapons really screwed up.
That would be Amanda Waller.
How much time do we have?
We?
Oliver, I'm the director of Argus, and this goes way over my head.
This is executive level, and this is Department of Defense.
Right, right, right, right, but how much time?
There's a start-up sequence before Darhk can actually launch a nuke.
We have just under 21 hours.
You're gonna have to find a way to interrupt that sequence.
Rubicon is a failsafe against nuclear Armageddon.
Argus designed it to be 100% unhackable.
No. She can do it. She's the best.
Well, actually, that would be my father as far as Rubicon is concerned.
It uses Fourier protocols.
Noah practically wrote the book on them.
The world is facing nuclear Armageddon.
My pride and my general dislike for my father can take a backseat for the next 20-plus hours.
Felicity, this isn't about pride.
Your father's a criminal.
He can't be trusted.
I'm not saying we should trust him.
I'm saying we need to.
Ok. He got out in Darhk's jailbreak. How do we find him?
I'm already running a search.
Can you try to get in touch with Thea, too?
Please. We need her back here.
John, can I talk to you for a second?
How you doing?
Been better.
Well, I'm not gonna pretend to understand what you're going through.
Well, Oliver, you've been through this with your mother, which is why I can't quite understand why you're putting the fate of the world in the hands of another evil parent.
I'm not trusting Kuttler.
I trust Felicity, and we should just let her do her job, ok?
We have one of our own.
Yeah, stopping Darhk.
His magic is powered by death, so if even one of those nukes hits-- he will be unstoppable.
Ok. What's your play?
Well, if he is planning on harnessing all of this death, he's gonna be in something called a Nexus chamber.
Basically, it's a collector magic.
And here I thought earthquake machines were as strange as it got.
Esrin Fortuna told me that one of these chambers exists in Star City.
I'm betting it falls on a Ley line.
What did Vixen call them--Wi-Fi for magic?
Yeah.
It's a big city, Oliver.
We got 21 hours.
One step at a time.
: We have to help them!
We're gonna help these people!
What are you looking for?
Reiter's men found a way on the island.
There has to be a way off.
There's a plane east end of the island, and it's far.
We'll make it.
What's that?
This may be a way to call for help.
Let's go!
[Birds chirping]
[Dog barks]
[Chirping]
And...
Woof.
I know.
The predictability was a terrible flaw in the design.
Predictability is your flaw, too.
Every time my life starts to suck, you show up.
Heh.
Leave us.
Is that hand a present from your new best friend?
I'm not doing this for a prosthetic, Thea.
I'm doing it to keep you safe.
Keep me safe.
Yes. Keep you safe.
Hmm. Yeah.
Like I said, predictable.
Only thing I don't get is how is brainwashing some guy I really like in your plan to keep me safe?
His conditioning wasn't my idea.
Ruvé Darhk wanted to ensure his compliance in the final phase.
Final phase of what?
Something called Genesis.
Darhk plans to burn the world in a nuclear fire while we are protected down here.
Oh, God.
Then he and his followers can rebuild.
Truth be told, it's not dissimilar to the plan I had for the Glades once upon a time, but on a much, much larger scale.
Let me guess-- you don't think that destroying the entire world is completely insane?
The world is what's insane.
It is beyond saving.
It needs a do-over, a reset.
Look. Once I realized Darhk's plan was inevitable, the math was simple.
Save yourself.
And my daughter...
Even if she doesn't want to be saved.
Look. I am way, way past the point of telling you that you are crazy.
I just want to see Alex.
I just want to know he's ok, and look, I--I get it.
I'm stuck here, but I can be stuck here and compliant, or I can be a pain in your ass, so take me to him now.
Heh.
Hey.
Hey, hon.
Hi.
What's up?
Um...
[Sighs]
When I was at your place this morning, I, um...
I found this.
Ooh. What are you doing going through my stuff?
Snooping.
But--but--but this isn't any of your business, Donna.
No, no, babe. It is my business actually, you getting suspended.
It is kind of.
Donna.
Hey!
What is this?
It's--it's, um-- it's an affidavit.
Pike said if I put my name to it, then--then I get my badge back.
It says you didn't know that Laurel was the Black Canary.
I may not be in mansa, but I know how to read, sweetie.
I think it's Mensa actually.
You told me that you knew what Laurel was doing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So this is a lie.
Yeah, but it's a complicated lie.
Is it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Because according to Pike, IAB are willing to look the other way about my working with Darhk because I was... protecting Laurel.
Why would you have to protect her if she was a superhero?
Yeah, exactly. Now you see.
I see that they're asking you to lie.
Sweetheart, come on.
All I ever wanted was to--was to be a cop, and what's a small lie if it means I can do some good for this city?
No. No. That's just it.
There aren't any small lies, hon.
Take it from someone who had a child with a man who was a liar.
I'm not Noah Kuttler.
I know, honey, and that's why I love you.
Ok?
I love you...
And that's why I have faith that...
You're gonna do the right thing.
Gentlemen, I have a little errand I need you to run, a loose end that needs tying up, not unlike...
Err.
Oh. Do I detect some obstinacy, Mr. Brick?
I'm used to giving the orders, Darhk, not taking them.
Not even as a little thank-you for busting you out of Iron Heights?
Whatever happened to gratitude?
I'm here, ain't I?
And when the whole world is sitting under a field of mushroom clouds, you will be glad that you are.
Now then, back to the errand.
Have either of you boys heard of the Calculator?
There's no one here.
I found a deep-trunk fiber optic hookup with polymorphic encryption.
Noah is there, trust me.
I think she's right. Look.
Whoever rigged that up didn't want to be surprised.
: I'm tracing the Bluetooth signal.
Head southwest.
Well, he's not here.
He has to be.
He was.
Looks like he bolted and in a hurry.
Bolted from whom?
[Alarm buzzing on video]
This was 20 minutes ago.
Looks like Kuttler wasn't the only one that left Iron Heights.
Those are Ghosts with him.
What does HIVE want with my father?
: Ok. Find that scrawny son of a bitch, and when you do, kill him.
: Welcome to Tevat Noah, your home in the new era.
Please proceed to the registration building to receive your residence assignments.
Aah!
Sorry about that.
It wasn't easy finding my way down here.
You Ghosts are swell at keeping secrets but less swell resisting torture, so why don't you spare me the trouble and tell me where I can find Damien Darhk?
♪ Arrow 4x21 ♪

Monument Point

Original Air Date on May 11, 2016
You're right.
Kuttler's the only one that can stop Rubicon.
That's why Darhk wanted him dead.
You all right?
Yeah. The word conflicted comes to mind.
Well, at least we know he got away.
But not much of a head start.
I hacked Kuttler's server to see if there was anything in there that could point us to where he would run to, and he cleared the cache, so I can't recover any files, but there is a root directory called Ravenspur.
What's Ravenspur?
Don't know. Does sound familiar.
I just don't know why.
We're running out of time.
The whole world is, so yeah.
Meantime, my Ley line algorithm kicked back a possible twenty on a magical clubhouse for Darhk.
We drove some of them off, but Reiter's sending reinforcements.
Reiter's dead.
We heard him on the radio.
He's alive.
There's a map of the island in the pack.
Get them to the plane.
What about you?
I'm gonna find Reiter, and I'm gonna end this.
Then I'm staying, too.
Do you remember what you told me?
It takes a monster to kill a monster.
Now get these people home.
Felicity just called.
She needs to see me about something.
Is everything all right?
I don't know. It's Felicity, so, you know, you never know.
Were you signing that thing?
Yeah, I was about to.
Hey. Uh, before you give me that dirty look, you might want to, uh, read this thing.
I already read it.
Just read it, please.
Oh.
It's looks a--
Yeah, it's a little different, huh?
"Although I was against at first, I came to see what Laurel was doing was vital... And important and good as the Black Canary."
I gave it a little rewrite.
Baby.
I am so proud of you.
Laurel would be, too.
This is me signing my badge away.
No. You don't know that.
All you can know for sure is that you're doing the right thing.
[Elevator dings]
Oh, Mr. Dennis.
Ms. Smoak.
You haven't returned my calls.
Yes, I am sorry. I've been busy.
So have I.
Running your company.
Do I need to remind you of your responsibilities to Palmer Tech?
No, you don't, but you're just gonna have to believe me when I tell you that what is on my plate right now is much more important.
Hey!
Hi. Um, uh, should I come back?
No, no. Please stay.
Miss Smoak, the board--
Can wait.
Whatever's so important, I hope it's worth it.
Hi. I like your tie.
It's very--awkward.
Hi.
Thank you for meeting me.
Of course, my baby girl.
Oh, my God. Ha ha ha!
Are you kidding? I'm always here for you as long as there's no bees around.
No bees.
What--are you ok?
Does the word Ravenspur mean anything to you?
If this is something to do with your father, honey--
So it does. I remember the two of you talking about it.
Not just talk.
It's a--it's a cabin in Cypress Cove we used to like to go to.
We'd, you know--we'd nurse a bottle of wine, make love to Lionel Richie.
I was his penny lover.
You know, your father could go all night long.
Ok. That's enough.
I don't--
You know what?
Actually, I think you were conceived in Ravenspur.
Ohh, please make it stop, please.
No. Seriously, honey. I want to be serious for a minute.
If this is anything remotely to do with your father--
Don't worry. I have it handled.
I wouldn't be a Jewish mother if I didn't worry.
Heh.
Baby, what's that for?
With any luck, you'll never have to find out.
[Oliver sighs]
There's nothing here.
What, you think he was gonna put up a sign?
I was thinking more along the lines of Ghosts with automatic weapons.
Maybe we should have brought our work clothes.
Can I talk to you about something?
Yeah.
I spoke to Lyla.
She's worried about you because you said that you shot Andy in self-defense.
Oliver, I don't want to talk about this.
You just never said anything about self-defense to me, John.
Couldn't tell Lyla the truth and have her look at me the same way anymore.
Come on. You don't know that.
Oliver, you're the last person on earth to lecture someone about lying to the people they love.
I'm not lecturing.
I'm worried.
You're better than me at this, and you're hurting worse than I have ever seen you.
Don't compound that by lying to your wife.
The fact that I lied to Felicity does not give me less credibility.
If anything, it should tell you that I know what I'm talking about.
[Cell phone vibrating]
Yeah.
Noah's at a cabin in Cypress Cove.
We got him.
We're on our way.
You're a hard man to find, Kuttler.
Come out now. We'll make it painless.
Make us work for it, we'll make it last.
I hate it when they run.
Rahh!
Unh! Agh!
You make me chase you anymore, I'm gonna put a bullet in you.
Isn't that the plan?
I'm willing to give you a sporting chance.
I heard about this game while I was in prison, Mr. Brick.
You let me walk if I take you down.
Darhk said you was a smart bloke.
So what do you say?
It's the end of the world as I understand it.
[Arrow whooshes]
[Brick grunting]
[Tires squeal]
Don't just stand there. Get in!
: I got him.
Spartan, fall back!
Let's make this simple.
This isn't a reconciliation, this isn't a reunion.
This is you helping me save the world.
And what makes you think I can?
Damien Darhk thinks you can.
That's why he sent last year's greatest hits to take you down.
You're a smart man. I'm assuming you know what Rubicon is.
And I'm assuming it's under Mr. Darhk's control.
We have 12 hours to stop it.
That's it?
You seem surprised.
I was expecting a quid pro quo.
Felicity, I may be a terrible father...
May?
But I'm not a monster.
Terrible or not, I am your father.
As long as you live in it, I have an interest in seeing that this world doesn't end.
That said, I do need something.
Color me shocked.
I can't hack Rubicon with this setup, not in the time we have.
I'm going to need the quantum subluminal processor you developed at Palmer Tech.
How did you even know that we--
God help me if you are using the end of days to steal from my company again.
I'm an excellent multitasker, but you can trust me this time.
: Ms. Smoak.
Oh! Mr. Dennis. Wow!
You must be very desperate for me to talk to the board since you brought security to dragoon me.
These men are not here to take you to the conference room.
They're here to escort you out of the building.
Heh.
Excuse me?
The board has grave concerns about your plans to basically give away the biostimulant implant.
Mmm.
They wanted to discuss the matter with you.
And I will talk to them.
It's too late for that.
They voted to terminate you effective immediately.
Wow.
Ok. Well, I just need to grab something, and I will show myself out, thank you.
Uh, I'm sorry, but everything in this lab is proprietary.
We cannot allow you to leave with company property.
Excuse me? You have to be kidding.
I'm very sorry.
I had hoped that this would end differently.
: All right, folks. You're just moving right on in here.
Have a great day.
Alex?
: Hey, you. You ran off like a crazy person.
Are you feeling better?
Do you know what's going on here?
Yeah. Ruvé told me.
: Sir, we have a situation.
: Isn't it fantastic?
It is not fantastic.
It's the end of the world.
No. It's just the beginning of a new one.
I got into politics to make a difference, right, to--to make the world a better place, and Ruvé has shown me that the only way to do that is to start over.
Just listen to me.
You are under the influence of some type of drug right now, and we need to get out of here.
You're just gonna have to trust me, ok?
Hey. He can trust you later.
Lonnie Machin is here.
He's killed 5 of Damien's men that we know about.
There's plenty of ways I can respond to that, but I'm gonna go with good.
He's hitting the co2 scrubbers hours before nuclear weapons will render the atmosphere above us unbreathable.
If the ark's life support fails, we all suffocate.
Who's Lonnie Machin?
Heh. He's kind of an ex-boyfriend of Thea's.
Damien told me about your special connection to him.
I need you to help me put him back in the box, or we're all dead.
You all right? Did you get it?
I got fired before I could take the processor.
I can't even show my face in there.
Maybe we should call in a bomb threat, just empty the place, or maybe plant an actual bomb.
Just a small one, one that doesn't hurt anybody, but we have to-- maybe we should just go in.
It's--ehh--too risky to wear the gear in the daylight.
What about the elevator at the old lair?
Uh-uh. Mr. Dennis shut it down after the Larvan attack.
So John's right. We'll go in and help you and your father boost it from--
It's in Curtis' lab.
You want me to help my father steal from me?
Well, it's not exactly yours anymore, is it?
Nope. Guess not.
Door's unlocked.
Give me a count of 3 and then come on in.
: Copy that.
I love all this subterfuge.
Might our guardian angel be the Green Arrow?
This was a line item on the budget list, and it's still not fixed, and they have the gall to fire me.
This is fun, working together.
Let's make this clear.
This is not a father-daughter bonding exercise.
: Felicity, we have personnel walking the floor.
You might want to just go on my signal.
Copy that.
Look. I know I've done what appears to be some terrible things.
You tried to steal from me.
Are we not stealing from you now?
No. "A," it's not my company anymore, and "B," we're trying to save the world.
: Hey. Didn't I say go on my signal?
Ok.
Now.
Ahem.
I'm good at solving binary problems, but matters of the heart--
Are not your forte, and stealing a processor to save the end of the world is not the right time for this conversation.
On some level, I've always told myself I just didn't know how to be a father or a husband.
And for a smart guy, you don't seem to understand the concept of not the right time.
I don't know why I tried to steal your company's tech.
Habit, I suppose, or something deeper.
Gah! That son of a bitch!
I've been fired for, like, 45 minutes, and he's already locked me out.
You have an electromagnetic wave generator and battery tender?
To force the restart.
Yes.
Yes!
Open sesame.
That's it.
Guys, I've got incoming, northeast stairwell.
On it.
It's under a sublock.
[Grunting]
It won't eject. That never happens unless...
[Alarm blaring]
That. We can't leave without the processor.
We can if we clone it.
Your sniffer device.
We can copy the processor's operating code wirelessly.
: More movement.
Felicity, you must have tripped something because I have security coming to the lab right now.
We're running out of time.
The device isn't finished.
Come on.
It's almost there.
Come on.
Felicity, you have to get out of there.
Security's inbound.
The R&D lab is secure.
I heard you needed a lift.
You're the one who arrested me.
He's not doing that now.
You get it?
No.
How bad is it?
Kuttler was able to clone 90% of the processor.
He may be able to extrapolate the remaining 10% to build us a workable processor.
I'm gathering parts for him to work with, but we're still gonna need to upload the override codes to every nuke silo individually.
Can you do that?
Only from a server farm.
: Mr. Queen!
My men are searching the woods for my property, but you chose not to die with them.
I killed a few of the stragglers.
My power has grown beyond your imagining.
Let me show you.
Ohh!
[Gasping]
Valiant effort, Mr. Queen, but still only mortal.
The primary scrubber's in here.
I'm betting Machin is, too.
Well, don't I get something to fight him with?
I don't think I can trust you with a weapon for some reason.
You're just gonna have to make do with Krav Maga, I'm afraid.
: Oh, the irony.
All Darhk's parasites living underground, breathing the waste product of sludge.
What happens if I turn this dial?
[Grunting]
Well, if you're not gonna tell me, I'm just gonna have to see for myself.
: Step away from that.
Run along, little girl.
I'm a tad busy at the moment trying to kill everyone here.
I'm not a little girl, Lonnie.
Remember me?
My name is Thea Queen.
I'm the one that gave you that face.
Mommy. Ha I didn't recognize you without the red leather.
Whatever are you doing here?
Look. I get it. You're mad at Darhk because he screwed you over, and now you're trying to get payback.
I'm not gonna stop you, ok?
If anything, I'm gonna help you, but there are innocent people here, people that have been brainwashed, and they don't deserve to die.
Lonnie, don't do this.
I will help you take down Darhk, ok?
We can do this together.
You just need to get out of here.
[Arrow whooshes]
What the hell did you do that for?
I had him.
No, you didn't.
Explosive charges.
He was gonna blow the scrubber no matter what you said.
Can you disarm it?
We'll soon find out.
Clear!
: I'm gonna need the subnode taken offline.
Ok. I can do that.
I'll cover him.
[Voice distorted] I'll take care of him.
Get to work.
Nice to meet you.
My daughter certainly has some very impressive friends.
How long is this gonna take?
Ideally, less than it takes Mr. Darhk to nuke the world.
I'm not the man my daughter thinks, you know?
Don't tell me. Tell her.
I've tried.
I tried explaining that there are two sides to me, the father and the hacker.
She sees only the criminal.
I mention this because you strike me as someone with experience leading a dual life.
Any insights you'd care to share?
Yeah. It doesn't work.
You leading a dual life is why you lost her.
You sound like you're talking from some personal experience.
[Buzzer]
What's that?
Felicity's taken the subnode offline, and we've developed a new problem.
What?
Tapeworm in the Rubicon code, antihack failsafe courtesy of your friends in HIVE.
Can you override it?
I just did but not before the tapeworm transmitted this terminal's location.
Figure we have about 90 seconds.
Until what?
Till HIVE rains all manner of hell down on us.
What happened?
HIVE has our position.
We have maybe a minute before they arrive.
They're working on shutting me down, but I know a few tricks.
This will go twice as fast with the two of us.
We'll hold them off as long as we can.
: Establish a perimeter.
Shoot to kill.
I don't need to tell you what's riding on this.
POTUS and SECDEF have taken us to DEFCON-2.
Just two? They're optimistic.
They don't want to cause a panic.
The president asked me if the fate of the world is resting the hands of an IT girl, a criminal, and two guys in Halloween costumes.
They're not Halloween costumes.
[Gunshot]
[Gasping]
Get the idol!
We got to go!
What about Reiter?
He can't do anything without the idol.
Come on!
If this is the end of the world, I don't mind going out like this.
Don't you ever stop?
Not when it comes to my daughter, no.
Alex? Everything's fine.
We took out all the explosives.
Al--Alex?
Alex, oh, God. Oh, God. Are you--
Fine? Ok? Hunk dory?
Believe me, there is nothing hunky dory about screwing up someone's plan for vengeance a second time, which means I've got to wait for Mr. Darhk to arrive and go with plan "B."
It's left me with some time to kill, so to speak.
Ok. Alex, come one.
Relax. He's fine.
Just taking a little nap.
What is it with you?
Why are you always at the mercy of some guy?
You can make your own decisions, Thea.
You're not a pawn.
You're a Queen.
Get it?
Yeah. Yeah, I get it.
Here they come.
: That's a lot of firepower.
We don't need to beat them.
We just need to buy Felicity and her father enough time.
[Tires squealing]
Thea?
Alex, get out of here!
Get away from him!
I'm liberating you, mommy!
You don't need another man clouding your mind.
Alex, run!
No!
[Grunting]
Alex!
[Sighs]
I'm sorry.
I think I got an algorithm down to 300 lines for the uplink.
Have you tried to break the JSI encryption ?
That way, you can directly bypass the PAL.
Yeah, you're right.
[Gunshot]
3 minutes till Rubicon launches the nukes.
: Overwatch, Amar is headed inside.
We're running out of time.
Are you hit?
No!
[Alarm blaring]
No, no, no, no.
Oh, no.
[Voice distorted] What's happening?
We got every nuke except one.
[Speaking Russian]
We lost one. It's in the air.
Headed straight for Monument Point.
The bullet went through, but I need you to hold still.
I think we have more important concerns, such as preventing another launch.
I thought you two stopped Rubicon.
Rubicon knows the missiles didn't launch.
It keeps trying to send launch codes.
Which we have to override manually one by one.
It's kind of like whack-a-mole.
Except we don't get a stuffed animal if we win.
: Is it true?
There's one in the air?
Headed straight for Monument Point.
Can you override?
That is what I'm trying to do while Noah keeps the missiles in their silos.
We need to start evacuations.
There's not enough time to get everyone out.
This is Argus director Lyla Michaels.
I'm reporting an Endtime event.
Target is Monument Point.
Felicity.
I'm trying to hack their navigation systems.
What's that?
Another hit in the Ley line algorithm I set up.
I cross-referenced it with news reports and-- the mayor's office just evacuated city hall due to a gas leak.
Like you said, why would Darhk's wife run for mayor of a city he wants to destroy?
To gain access to city hall for this exact moment.
The Nexus chamber must be beneath that building.
If he's hiding where he should be hiding to absorb the power of a nuke attack.
Let's go.
You need to divert that missile.
You are lucky I'm too busy to come up with a witty response to that right now.
Stop. Stop! Unh!
Taiana, are you ok? Are you hurt?
Something's...
: Got it! Mostly.
What?
Sent the remaining launch algorithms into an infinite loop.
Should buy the world 24 hours, give or take.
What about the nuke headed to Monument Point?
It's stubborn. There's a reason why these things were designed to be impossible to move off course, which is why I have to move Monument Point instead.
GPS realignment.
What do you mean?
As a prank, I once relocated a GPS satellite.
Everyone on the eastern seaboard thought they were 20 miles west of their actual location.
Do that to the missile, you avoid a direct hit.
That's it.
Direct hit on Havenrock.
Maximum yield.
How many casualties?
Tens of thousands.
Monument Point would have been a couple million, Felicity.
Damn it. We searched everywhere.
[Wind blowing]
[Rumbling]
[Voice distorted] Hello, Oliver. Nice timing.
I think you're gonna need much bigger arrows.
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
