Yes.
Hey. (laughs)
I now pronounce you husband and wife.
Kiss her. You're married.
(laughing, cheering)
(whooping)
Are you a doctor?
I'm the EMT who brought you in.
Kyle.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Heather.
I know.
I brought you in.
Oh.
(both laughing)
What's going on?
Oh, you know, just people getting skinned alive, beast hunters.
Beast hunters?
I don't know anything about beasts.
Seeing as someone's willing to pay $5 million to capture one.
There's a bounty?
One mystery buyer puts out a bounty.
Yeah, but he was close. He has no idea it's me.
I guess our work's not done yet.
Will it ever be?
♪
Okay. Uh...
Jogging a little fast here, aren't we, Vincent?
(panting)
Not exactly newlywed bonding time.
Can we slow down a little bit, Vincent?
Vincent.
Vincent, wait. Stop!
(talking quietly, laughing)
What are you thinking?
Somebody could have seen you.
Yes, I know, okay?
I just, I got distracted.
By the bounty.
What happened?
I thought you said you weren't worried about that?
Yeah, well, that was until I slept on it.
Or, more to the point, that I didn't sleep.
At all.
Look, I know that we have handled worse, and I know that we can handle anything.
But...?
I don't know.
I just, I guess I'm worried about dragging everybody back into this whole, people chasing me thing again.
Okay, first of all, whoever's behind this bounty doesn't know that you're a beast yet, so we still have time.
And, second... I love you.
And I know who and what you were when I married you.
I know who I married, too, and she's not the kind of girl who wants to keep defining herself by protecting her husband all the time.
I'm not, and I won't.
Look, last week you saved me and you gave me a pep talk, so it's my turn to save and pep you.
(laughs): We are going to get through this, like you said, and then we will move on.
Have you heard from JT?
Has he said anything about getting any leads on who might be after me this time?
I'm not saying.
What?
Listen, I've been thinking that maybe you should let me take lead for a while.
If anything comes up, I will tell you, I promise, but we can't have you blurring around the city all upset.
Just go back to work, be normal.
So, what, you're benching me?
Yes. Yes, I am. And, hopefully, with any luck, JT has already found something.
All right?
All right.
Lead the way.
Huh.
"Huh."
I can't find anything.
That's why you got to label boxes.
So when you're looking for something, you can find it.
Where's my other shoe?
By the door.
You would think I was entering a beauty pageant instead of getting a new headshot for the precinct Web site. Hey, this, uh... this blouse, does it look too bossy?
JT?
Definitely hair down.
Hair was three questions ago.
Shouldn't you be grading exams, finding out about your tenure, packing?
I guess I didn't realize how many beast buyers could be out there.
DHS gave Cat access to all their classified files-- arms dealers, drug lords, terrorists. I mean, who wouldn't want a super soldier in their back pocket?
Exactly. Could take some time.
All the more reason to try to find a little balance in our lives, right?
Look, I honor what you said about your whole need to be a part of something bigger, to help, but... we matter, too, right?
Yeah. Yeah.
I mean, we're supposed to be moving into our new apartment together.
I know. I want that, too, more than anything. I do.
But I can't just put this on hold either.
I mean, if we don't find out who's got a bounty on Vincent...
I know, I know. Never mind.
Hey.
I'm not just doing this for Vincent.
I'm doing this for us, too.
'Cause the sooner I can help figure out who's after him, the sooner I can focus on packing.
And I think the bossy blouse is perfect, Captain.
You didn't think I was listening, did you?
No. No, I didn't.
(beeping)
(trilling)
What the hell?
What's happening?
I don't know. I, uh... The files, they're being downloaded to another computer.
I think someone's hacking into Homeland Security.
(knocking)
Yeah?
Vincent, the nurse said I could...
Really?
Pretty busy here.
Wait, is Catherine okay? Is something going on?
What? Yeah, Catherine's fine, I think.
Why? Is there another bounty hunter after you or something?
Eh, how would I know?
Don't ask.
What's up?
Oh, you know, same ol', same ol'.
Kyle's not in today.
Who?
Okay, fine, maybe I was hoping to bump into him, you know?
Yeah, well, it's probably better you don't, all right?
At least until Catherine... finds whoever's after me.
How come you're not helping?
Well, you know, I'm an exposure risk, apparently, so I'm just trying to lay low, stay calm.
(growls)
(clanging)
(sighs)
It's not easy.
I can see that.
I hate this, you know?
Especially when I'm the target.
It's so not fair on your sister.
She's used to it. No, I... I mean, she loves you. You know she would do anything for you.
I know. I know, but I don't want her to have to do this all the time, you know?
I just want her to be able to do what she wants to do with her own life.
Yeah, well, for better or for worse, right?
Anyway, if you happen to run into Kyle...
Heather, you just met the guy.
So?
I like him. And he likes me, too.
We've actually texted, like, a billion times since...
Since your one-night stand?
I was gonna say, "Since he rescued me."
You don't like him, do you?
No.
What?
No, no. Look, it's not that.
It's just... I'm grumpy, okay?
So please don't take this the wrong way.
But like your sister said, this really isn't a great time, exposure-wise, to be bringing someone new into our inner circle.
At least wait until we catch the jerk who's after me.
What about the next jerk or the jerk after that?
(sighs) God, Vincent, I'm just saying, if I have to wait to have a normal life until you guys...
Sorry. Sore subject, I know.
(knocking)
Doctor, severe bowel blockage.
Trauma Three.

If you'll excuse me, Heather, I have a bowel blockage to attend to.
All right.
(door opens)
(door shuts)
You enjoy that.
: 
I don't want to bother him with this unless we have to.
Well, we might not have a choice. Somebody definitely hacked into DHS computers and stole files, including the ones that are supposed to keep his secret a secret.
Can we tell if that's what they were trying to do?
That's what I'm trying to find out.
Who the hell is he?
I'm, uh... I'm with her.
This is Professor Forbes.
JT. He's a friend.
Of Vincent's.
He knows.
Ah, the computer nerd.
I didn't say "nerd."
This is Deputy Secretary Hill. He's the man who's been covering for us.
Something that's getting harder and harder to do since Agent Russo's murder. And now this.
Other agents are already all over this hack, investigating, which means you have to beat the rest of DHS to the punch, especially if this turns out to be about Vincent.
Well, is it?
(sighs)
Sorry. I-I didn't know you were finished.
Um, I don't know specifically what the hackers were after yet, but I do know that they targeted highly classified, deep cover assets.
And they definitely seem to be looking for somebody in particular.
Yeah, but who?
I don't know yet, but good news is the files are heavily encrypted, which buys us some time to find out.
I don't have time. And neither do you.
It's not just about you or your husband's ass on the line anymore-- it's mine, too.
I went out on a limb to protect you people.
Because we saved your ass by bringing down one of DHS's most wanted, which you couldn't do by yourself.
Which is why I covered for you, but that was under the condition it would not become a problem for me.
Do you have any idea what would happen if the public found out that DHS was protecting a beast?
If I was?
Okay, look, the chances of this... hack being a coincidence on the heels of somebody killing the only other agent who knew about Vincent are... they're remote.
So if you'll just give me access...
DHS cannot be involved.
Excuse me?
I can't risk it.
You'll have to investigate this hack on your own, and you'll have to do it before the rest of DHS finds out what's going on.
What, so if anything goes wrong, you disavow any knowledge of it?
Look, I covered for you because it was the right thing to do at the time.
But it is your job to contain it.
Do you understand?
(door opens, closes)
Now what?
: How'd I get roped into all this?
I feel like I'm sliding back down the slippery slope.
Translation, please?
Uh, you know what I mean, okay?
The B word?
First it was JT, now you.
I can't believe I'm being dragged back into all this.
Well, don't say that to Vincent when you see him.
Dragging us back in is what's freaking him out.
Understandable.
Don't tell me you're not pissed about having to move backwards.
I can't be the only one who wants to move on with my life, can I?
No, of course not.
I knew that getting married wasn't a guarantee that all this would suddenly go away.
So we just... we got to keep fighting until it's done, that's all.
That'll be when, exactly?
Hopefully whenever we figure out who's behind this beast bounty.
But DHS won't help?
No.
Deputy secretary's having buyer's remorse covering for us.
Hey, get in line.
Hey.
Helping me is the only reason that you're not turning into a stuffy, out-of-the-loop captain that we have always hated.
I get you back out on the street, I get you back in the action. Admit it, you miss this.
No, I don't.
All right, maybe a little bit, but, um, I don't miss this kind of action.
What are we even doing here?
JT traced the hack to the Durbrige Hotel, so, hopefully, we will find the hacker, and then whoever's after Vincent.
It's never that easy, especially with you two.
More than likely, this whole thing's gonna...
...blow up in our faces.
: Call 911!
♪ Beauty and the Beast 4x02 ♪

Beast Interrupted

Original Air Date on June 9, 2016
: Clear the entrance, clear the entrance. (all clamoring)
Come on, get back.
: Is she okay?
Do the police have a suspect?
Didn't take long for them to show up.
That's what happens when you try to blow up a spoiled celebutante.
Bootsy Durbrige-- where'd they take her?
Trauma Five.
Thank you. With all the exposure threats we have right now, paparazzi is the last thing we need.
Forensics figure out how Bootsy survived the blast?
Yeah. Controlled explosion, professionally designed not to kill her.
Wait, what do you mean?
Looks like somebody was just trying to scare her for some reason.
Like, warn her or something?
Hey, celebrity socialites piss people off all the time.
Me included.
Trying to blow somebody up is a little bit worse than just being pissed off.
Maybe, but, hey, at least you know... you know it doesn't have to do with beasts or Vincent.
No, we don't know that for sure.
Really?
What possible connection could Bootsy Durbrige have with beast bounties?
We know that whoever's behind this hacked into DHS from one of her father's hotels, right?
Which means they're looking for somebody and it can't be Bootsy, because, well, everybody knows where Bootsy lives, obviously.
So...
So maybe she figured out who the hacker was and they wanted to scare her off.
Either way, I need to talk to her and figure out if it 
 connected. And you... need to keep them away from Vincent.
No...
Yes.
You know I got a real job, right?
Real life.
Supposedly.
(clamoring continues)
 (over P.A.): Any available security...
Bootsy Durbrige?
(sighs)
Detective Chandler, NYPD.
Hang on.
(shutter clicks)
Just texting my doggie to make sure she knows I'm okay.
Thank God she was at the groomers when it happened, right?
Mind if I ask you a few questions?
Actually, I do.
I'm a little tired, somebody just tried to blow me up.
Actually, they didn't. They were just trying to scare you.
Scare me? Are you sure?
Positive. Any idea who would want to do that or why?
Ms. Durbrige.
Vincent--
I mean, Dr. Keller-- what are you doing here?
Uh, I'm a doctor, I work here. What are you doing here?
Explosion, victim, cop.
I got this.
(whispers): You think this victim might be connected...
Yeah, it might be.
Do you mind?
Ms. Durbrige, uh, good news, no broken bones from the blast.
Uh, you're a very lucky woman.
Do you have, uh, any idea who'd want to do this to you?
I just asked her that.
Hmm.
Do you two know each other?
No.
Uh, yeah. We're married.
(Catherine chuckles)
Anyway.
Uh, any ideas?
I don't know. Who knows?
I mean, half the world hates me because I'm rich, and the other half hates me 'cause the friggin' paparazzi love to make me look like a bitch.
(heartbeat racing)
So you really have no idea who may have wanted to harm you?
No.
It must be hard trying to live a normal life with all those cameras around.
Don't know how you do it.
Still, she can't keep hiding just because she's afraid of getting caught, now, can she?
Yeah, but if you do get caught, life can never be the same, everything is ruined.
Are you guys still talking about me?
Yes.
No.
Doctor, a moment, please?
Outside.
Excuse me.
Vincent, what are you doing?
I told you I'd let you know if I found something.
Oh, so hacking into DHS and someone trying to blow up people is-is what-- it doesn't count?
JT told you about the hack, didn't he?
Well, I-I made him.
Vincent, you are supposed to be laying low.
Especially now, with all of Bootsy's paparazzi around.
She's lying, Catherine, okay?
She knows more than she's letting on.
Her heartbeat doubled, her larynx it-it tightened, and, um...
Beast sense?
Just-just a little bit, okay?
But she-she couldn't tell.
But what if she could?
Oh, she can't tell.
I am just saying that until we know for sure what she does or does not know, we can't be careful enough.
You can't be careful enough, which is why I am still taking the lead.
Oh, come on.
I am going nuts here, doing absolutely nothing while all hell is breaking loose out there because of me.
Please, let me just at least talk to her, okay?
Yes, I will see if I can sense something, but I'll try and gain her trust.
But it's not like you can come right out and ask her about beast bounties, is it?
Come on, let me see what I can find out, okay?
I will be careful, I promise you.
Vincent, We could lose everything we've worked so hard for.
I know, I know but we won't.
Okay. But just be careful what you say to her, because she's got, like, ten million followers on social media, and anything you say...
Can and will be used against me.
Yeah, I know. I love it when you talk like a cop.
I hate it when you're charming, I have no defense.
Yeah.
Okay, I will follow up with JT, see if he's found any connection between the hack and Bootsy and you.
And... let me know what you find, but lay low.
No glowy eyes.
Okay, how about a smile this time?
I was smiling.
Okay, you're the captain.
Let's try another.
No, look, uh... you got plenty, I got to get back work.
(tapping)
Hey, have you seen Cat?
Oh. Sorry, am I interrupting?
No and yes.
I'll e-mail you the proofs.
Great, thanks.
Tess, are you okay?
Uh, sure, if you forget the fact that I'm swimming in all things beast again.
Look, I know we're part of a greater destiny and all, but I didn't know it'd be a life sentence.
Right. That's actually what I wanted to talk to Cat about.
It's like, just because I'm in on the big secret now doesn't mean I can't have a life, does it?
I thought we were talking about me.
I like Kyle and he likes me, too.
So, what-- we can't even go on a date because he 
 find out about Vincent?
It's like, I didn't even find out about it for years, and I'm related.
Look, maybe you don't want him to find out, okay?
'Cause then he wouldn't keep reverting back to helping Vincent, instead of, you know, focusing on tenure, or packing.
I just don't understand.
I have to talk to Cat.
Maybe Cat's right, maybe I need to get out more.
It's like, I have a future to worry about, too, you know?
It can't just about them.
Help me clear my head, I got to stop worrying about the future all the time.
Whatever happens, happens.
Thank you so much for listening.
This actually really helped.
Sure, anytime.
I don't get it. You can't find any connection between Bootsy and beast bounty?
So far, nothing.
Which means if the explosion is connected to the hack...
Then Bootsy Durbrige was the sole intended target. But why?
It's not like she was in hiding, so why go through the trouble of hacking into DHS to go after her?
Well, she may not be in hiding, but according to Vincent, she's hiding something.
And DHS had files on her for a reason, although they're encrypted, so I don't know why.
It is looking more and more like this hack has nothing to do with beast bounties.
Do you think I'm trying too hard to find a connection because I want to move on with my damn life?
Maybe. But even if it is unrelated, Vincent's files were stolen, too.
Which means the hackers might not know what they have yet, but if they figure it out...
Vincent could be exposed anyway.
Either way, he's at risk.
So the sooner we find out who's after Bootsy, the sooner we get his files back before it's too late.
(heart monitor beeps steadily)
(gasps, shrieks)
: Is that the chart for the patient in room two?
(muffled shrieking)
(monitor beeps rapidly)
That's odd.
Durbrige's heart rate just jumped.
Call security, stat.
Hey!
(both grunting)
Hold it, freeze!
Well, bright side?
At least I didn't get exposed, right?
Well, everything seems fine.
You still feeling light-headed?
A little.
Yeah, well, the sedative he gave you should be wearing off, so you'll start feeling better soon, okay?
Here.
Thanks.
For everything.
Really.
Yeah.
You want to tell us what you're hiding now?
(sighs) Why do you care?
We may have more in common than you think.
It's a long story.
: Look, Ms. Durbrige, you can completely trust us.
Is my family safe?
They're in protective custody.
Except your sister, Melody-- but she's in London, right?
Right.
(sighs): Okay.
FBI came to me last year, believe it or not, for help.
What kind of help?
The kind only rich people can give.
And since I was looking for something good to do with my life instead of just partying and... getting into trouble, I said yes.
I didn't realize it might get me killed.
So you know why someone hacked into DHS.
Probably to find out where the informants are.
Informants I've used my family's resources to hide.
Look, the Feds don't have the budget to lure wealthy C.I.'s into witness protection, so they asked me to bridge the financial gap.
I thought it was the right thing to do.
It was.
Except now my whole family's in danger because of me.
I know how you feel.
And just sitting on the sidelines doing nothing doesn't really help, does it?
Vincent.
No. He's right. I mean, now that they know I'm the one who hid the informants, maybe I should just tell them where they are to protect my family.
You can't.
And I can't believe that your family would want you to do that, either.
Look, we are all in this together, okay?
(sighs)
Look, you said it yourself, all right?
If whoever is behind this finds those files before we find them, then I'm screwed-- everything about me is gonna be out there.
Yes, but...
So I got to find them fast, okay?
I got to track the guy that tried to kidnap Bootsy from the hospital, see where it leads.
Okay, Vincent, we've been through this.
Every move you make out there risks exposure, especially with Bootsy's paparazzi everywhere.
Okay, but if anyone knows how to live in the shadows, it's me.
I don't want you to have to live like that anymore.
What choice do I have if those files get into the wrong hands?
Then where will we be, right?
Hardly the happily-ever-after we're trying to get to.
I see what you did there-- you made this all about the marriage.
Look, I promise you, I will be so careful.
Uh, wait.
Can you take Bootsy to JT's first? I think she'll be safer there.
Why? What are you gonna do?
I'm gonna ask Tess for help.
: 
They're gonna know I'm not Bootsy from a mile away.
Come on, you look great.
And it's gonna be dark out.
Here. Put these on.
(sighs)
Perfect.
Not perfect.
Not gonna happen.
(sighs): Tess.
They texted Bootsy, and they told her to meet them tonight and tell them where the informants are hidden-- otherwise they are going to kill her.
(sighs) We can't protect her and her family forever-- you know that.
I can't do it. I can't.
Why not?
Because I'm the captain now-- I don't do undercover anymore.
But you should.
You were great at it, and you liked it, too.
Remember Brooklyn 12, the Garcia bust?
(quietly): Yeah, that was pretty cool.
Right?
But that was then, this is now.
But now is our best chance to catch these guys, save innocents, and move on with our lives.
Isn't that what you want?
How does this help me move on with my life?
It helps keep Vincent from maybe being exposed, which helps keep 
Plus... it gets you back in the action.
Fine. But if I see this on the precinct Web site, I'll fire you.
: 
 of the cases the informants are gonna testify on?
Who they're hiding from?
Names?
I didn't ask.
I thought the less I knew, the better. Why?
Might help us figure out who we're up against.
(JT tapping keyboard)
You a college professor?
Me?
Yeah.
Yeah. Uh...
Hudson University.
But you live here, in a gentlemen's club by yourself.
Well, yeah, but I-I'm moving, to an apartment with my girlfriend.
Oh.
This place was just temporary, because...
Long story.
You and your friends seem to have a lot of those.
So, what's the deal with Vincent, anyway?
Uh... what do you mean?
I mean first he's somehow intuits I'm hiding something, and then rescues me and leaves to go somehow find the bad guys, then brings me here for protection?
Who 
 you people?
Long story.
Let's just say you're not the only one with secrets.
♪
(siren wailing in distance)
(ringtone plays)
Oh, God.
What? What's wrong?
I have to go.
No, no, you can't go.
You have to stay here.
No, you don't understand.
My sister Melody just posted from Club Paint, which means she's not in London, she's here.
You can't leave.
She never answers her phone.
I need to warn her.
No, but...
(grunts)
Sorry.
I'm really sorry.
(weak groaning)
♪
(sighs)
(quietly): Anything?
No sign of anybody coming yet.
Maybe I've been made.
Maybe they know I'm not Bootsy.
Uh, come on, you look great.
You look paparazzi great.
He's 30 minutes late.
Okay, wait.
(over radio): There's a black van, five o'clock.
Got him.
(phone buzzing)
Yeah?
It's a trap. Paparazzi just posted a photo of Bootsy going into Club Paint--
I'm headed there now.
What do you want me to do?
It's probably a cop.
Take her out.
What's going on?
Stand by.
What do you think?
(tires squeal)
: Get out of there!
(gunshots)
: Go! Go!
(Tess grunts)
(panting)
(both grunt)
Having a little car trouble, are ya?
(man grunts)
You're under arrest.
(panting)
Not bad, Bootsy.
(exhales)
(exhales)
JT?
(groans)
What's going on? You okay?
No.
Where's Bootsy?
I don't know.
Last thing I saw was her boot on my jaw.
What?!
I should really take karate.
Let me take a look.
Ouch.
Okay, you're gonna need ice.
Why'd she hit you?
Because I tried to stop her... from going after her sister.
Vincent, you got to find her.
She said they could find her sister from her post.
Find her where?
I don't know, some club, uh, Pay, Pain, Paint...
Paint?
Yeah. Club Paint.
She said she was going to Club Paint.
Okay, all right, do me a favor, call Catherine, let her know what's going on.
Uh, wait, did you track the guy from the hospital?
The trail went cold.
Okay, call Catherine.
Got it.
♪
(horn honking)
(paparazzi shouting indistinctly)
♪
That was the ADA.
The perp we caught wasn't lying.
Dominic Lynn's RICO trial starts tomorrow.
That explains the rush to find Bootsy and the witnesses.
I can't believe JT let her leave.
Well, he didn't really seem to have much of a choice.
It was my bad for asking him to watch her.
Are you kidding?
He probably jumped at the chance.
It's a hell of a lot more exciting than packing.
Never mind.
Let's just hope Dominic didn't beat us to the punch here with Bootsy.
Well, the paparazzi obviously is.
NYPD. Bootsy Durbrige-- have you seen her?
Yeah, she just got here.
♪ ♪
: Bootsy! Bootsy!
♪
: 
Somebody's after me-- which means they're after you, too.
They found out I'm the one hiding people, Melody.
(camera clicking)
♪
: Bootsy!
When'd you take that?
Where'd she go?
I don't know, past the bar?
Bootsy!
(screams)
: Let me go!
Where's your sister?
He took her!
He's got a gun!
(gunfire)
(grunts)
(grunting)
(gasps)
What are you doing?
Saving your life, apparently.
Yeah, you're welcome.
(exhales)
(tires squeal)
Where's Bootsy?
He took her.
Don't worry, I'll track 'em.
(excited chatter)
Vincent, wait!
Paparazzi.
Eyes.
: Come on, let's go!
: Where's Bootsy?
: Grab a shot of this, grab a shot anyway.
Are you guys protecting Bootsy right now?
(siren blaring, engine revving)
: All right, all right, thanks.
Is Tess sending SWAT?
Yeah, although Melody doesn't know where Bootsy hid the informants.
I thought she said they were at her father's hotel, Kesman Tower?
But she has no idea which rooms the informants are actually in.
How are we gonna know which ones Dominic's targeting?
I got no idea, but I'm pretty sure Bootsy only stays alive long enough for Dominic to figure it out.
Remind me never to bench you again.
Yeah?
: Hey, you got any more information on those informants?
Yeah, except there are nine different witnesses on nine different floors.
How's he gonna get to them all in time?
He must know that we're right behind him.
I got a theory, but I don't think you're gonna like it.
Okay, we're listening.
Guess how Dominic takes out his enemies?
He blows them up.
There is no way he's gonna blow up an entire hotel.
Quickest way to take out all the witnesses.
(beeping)
Getting another call, could be Tess. I'll fill her in.
Okay, okay, but tap into the hotel surveillance, okay?
We need to know exactly where Bootsy and Dominic are before we get there! You got it?
(beeping)
Already on it.
(beep)
Tess?
: Professor Forbes?
Yes?
Hi, this is Dean Wilson from the university.
I'm calling in regards to your request for tenure?
Oh, no.
What? Professor Forbes?
Uh, sorry. I can't talk.
Call you back.
Crap.
(touch tones sounding)
Yeah?
: How close are you to the hotel?
Uh, we're just about to pull up now. Why?
Because I think Dominic just landed a helicopter on the roof.
A great way to make a quick escape.
(helicopter whirring)
Here.
NYPD. That chopper still on the roof?
Yes, but it's not authorized.
I know. Just clear the hotel now!
Catherine, it's too dangerous, okay? Let me go up alone.
Why? You're benching me now? No.
Lesson learned. We do this together. Come on.
(alarm bell ringing)
Last chance! Where are they?!
I'm never telling you.
Fine, then you're all dead.
Get in!
(alarm bell ringing, helicopter whirring)
(rapid beeping)
What's the matter?
What's happening?
(roaring)
Why aren't we moving?
I don't know.
Oh, my God.
(roaring)
(rapid beeping)
(roaring)
(growling)
What are you doing?!
(gasping)
Come on, come on, let's go!
Go!
: She leaves, you die.
I'll blow this building, I swear.
(Bootsy sighs)
Get her out of here! Go! Go!
Yeah, you really think they're gonna get out of here in time?
If they don't, you think you will?
Yeah? Well, neither will you.
I don't know. I like my chances.
You know, I'm pretty fast.
Come on, Dominic.
You really went through all this just to die up here today?
There's no possibility of parole when you're dead, right?
Come on, hand it over.
(camera shutter clicking, loud, overlapping chatter)
Take him to the 125th-- conspiracy to commit murder.
Got it.
Nobody saw you do the "B" word up there, did they?
Uh, I don't think so.
You don't think so?
: It's okay.
I erased the security footage from the rooftop.
Oh, great, another cover-up.
It's not exactly moving on with our lives, right?
We saved lives, and we brought in a bad guy.
That's pretty good for one day, right, Captain?
Suck up.
: I do not know how to even begin to thank you guys.
I mean, you saved me, my family, the witnesses.
(sighs)
I am curious, though.
How come that helicopter didn't take off?
Uh...
Everybody has secrets, right?
Yeah.
It's okay.
Whatever it is, it's safe with me, believe me.
I owe you.
What about you?
What are you gonna do?
I don't know. They're gonna find out what I've been doing, it'll be all over the rags.
And then all the other bad guys...
Will be after me now, too, wanting to know where I hid their witnesses.
I'm exposed... to the world.
Guess I have to go into hiding now, right?
Anyways, thanks you guys so much, really.
(sighs)
(camera shutter clicking, overlapping shouting)
If we're not careful, that could happen to us some day.
: Over here!
: Over here!
(loud overlapping shouting)
In a bombshell reveal, Bootsy Durbrige, daughter of real estate mogul Franklin Durbrige, has been secretly working with the FBI to house and protect federal witnesses, which has put her own highly privileged life in danger.
Heath, what are you doing here?
Feeling annoyed, that's what.
I called Tess looking for you, found out that that's you guys.
Talk about being left out of the loop.
Bootsy Durbrige?
Are you kidding me?
So is she a total bitch?
No. No, she's not.
She's actually got an incredibly good heart.
It's too bad that nobody gets to see it.
Hmm. Double life, I heard.
Sound familiar?
Yeah, except she got caught.
I feel bad for her.
But if it wasn't for her sister, she wouldn't have been caught, right?
Tess told me about Melody.
Said that if it wasn't for her new boyfriend, Bootsy might have been able to keep her secret.
Maybe.
God, I would feel like crap if I was Melody and I did that to you.
Which is why I think I get it.
I understand what you and Vincent have been trying to tell me about Kyle.
I may not like it--
I really don't-- but... right now, with everything going on, it's... too risky to bring someone new into your lives, so...
I get it.
I'm sorry, it sucks.
Yeah.
(computer trilling)
(footsteps approaching)
I am a genius!
Why? Why? Did you do it?
Erased every single one of the hacked files, including yours.
Adios, gonzo, sayonara!
Okay, so, you're sure Dominic's people cannot find out about me?
Positive. Once I knew it was him, I traced his downloads to his IP address and wiped his hard drive clean.
I mean, not that he's gonna need anything on it anymore anyway.
Yeah. Thank you.
Wait. What-What about DHS?
What about 'em?
Did you erase their files, too?
Please. I mean, I may be a genius, but I'm not a magician.
Their encryptions have encryptions. I can't touch that.
Relax. Uh, I'm sure the Deputy Secretary's gonna double down on protection after this to protect his own ass as much as yours.
Your secret's safe.
Yeah, for now, maybe.
Now's all you got, pal.
It's all 
 of us have, which is why, you know, I turned down tenure.
What?! Come on, you worked your whole life for that.
I know, but...
I just couldn't do it.
I'm not sure I even 
 to do it anymore. Don't tell Tess!
Don't tell Tess?
Are you kidding me, man?
She's gonna find out anyway.
I know, but I-I-I...
I want to figure out how to break it to her.
I mean, she's probably gonna think that I don't want to move in with her, but that isn't even remotely true, but...
But? But what?
First, I have to figure out what the hell I was thinking.
Yeah.
(siren blaring, bicycle bell tinkles)
♪ The blacklist and its hosts... ♪
Vincent?
Yeah?
What are you doing?
Uh, I thought I'd go for a run before I hit work, blow off some steam.
Latte instead?
Oh, okay. Sold.
What, you trying to stop me from blurring all over the city again?
I told you, I learned my lesson.
There is no benching you, especially if we both want to get out of this in one piece.
Oh, good.
And if we're ever gonna find who's behind this beast bounty, we have to do it together, even if that means risking you blurring all over the city.
Agreed. To us.
Together.
Mm. I was really hoping that we had a lead on all this, too.
I know, I know, but even if, or when, we find whoever is after me this time, there's gonna be a next time and a next time.
I know.
I guess we just got to learn how to live our lives.
You know, you have to keep living your life until we deal with it.
It's just not gonna go away, though.
Until we find a way to make it go away.
Oh, come on.
All right, I don't know how... yet.
But I still think there's got to be a way that's better than having to go into hiding like Bootsy had to.
And we will find it.
I really hope so.
Hmm.
Mmm!
Wow, latte breath.
Oh, yeah?
Are you gonna try to take another swing at me?
If you try to tackle me again.
All right!
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
