Over the past decade, the partnership between the FBI and the Jeffersonian Institution's Forensic Division has resulted in over 250 murder convictions, making it one of the most successful collaborations in law enforcement history.
In order to better understand the partnership and how it works, I was granted permission to follow the team throughout the course of a murder investigation.
I'm Alex Duffy, and this is 
♪ ♪
So I was out tending to a leachate leak out in cell six when I get this feeling like somebody's watching me.
So I start looking around, right?
But there's nobody there, it's just a bunch of trash.
So finally I see this moldy head of cabbage sitting there, and I swear it's staring at me.
And as I'm getting closer, I noticed this freaking thing has teeth.
And I mean, like, a lot of them.
And that's when I'm saying to myself, "Whoa, Gary, this ain't no cabbage. This is a person."
Now, I assumed they was cops, but by the way they was arguing, I figured they must be married.
Booth and I were not arguing at the scene-scene of the crime.
I mean, we were having a healthy debate between a husband and wife.
Right, sometimes our debates are so "healthy,"
I end up sleeping on the couch.
It's true.
♪ ♪
:
: 
When I'm called out to a scene where the remains are badly burnt... (toy squeaks)
: 
Mm-hmm.
Even though I'm his wife and the mother of two of his children, he still refers to me by a nickname I despise.
Well, you used to despise it, but now I think you like it.
No, I don't.
Seeley.
After the initial exam is done at the crime scene, the remains are brought to the Jeffersonian's Medico Legal lab for further analysis.
Cam, we got a ripe one today.
Dr. Hodgins, please try to remember that these are the remains of a human being lying on this table.
Well, yeah, of course.
Also, since we are a professional establishment, I would prefer if you referred to me as Dr. Saroyan.
:
Sorry, I shouldn't have said that.
Dr. Saroyan takes herself pretty seriously.
: Phew.
Look, all dead bodies smell, okay?
But dead bodies found in a landfill and covered in leachate, which is basically a viscous trash water, they, uh, they tend to smell worse.
When I first started I had to dab peppermint oil under my nose to mask the smell.
I actually tried growing a mustache, thinking that it would block the smell. It didn't.
Just made me look like a creep who had this ever-present stench of death in his nostrils.
Yeah, eventually you get used to it.
The smell, I mean.
Not Hodgins with a mustache.
Every once in a while, though, a particularly nasty one still finds its way in.
Couple of years ago - you remember this one, Cam? - we found the remains of this man submerged in a pool of his own vomited up flesh.
Ugh, God.
It smelled like decaying bile-covered hell.
But from a microbiology standpoint, it was pretty awesome.
: 
Of course Bug Boy is gonna say this is awesome.
I mean, think about it, here's a full-grown man who plays with bugs, insects and slime.
All day long.
I mean, don't get me wrong, I love Hodgins. I think he's great. But he's a little strange, he's a little weird, you know?
Like all the squints.
: "The squints"?
Squints. You know, a nerdy little person in the lab, who... all they do is squint at things. They squint.
Is that... Is he... Oh. Is he doing his, uh, squint impression? You should ask him to do me.
He does a great impersonation of me.
Right.
I don't have any food on me. If I did, I'd have to stuff it in my mouth every ten minutes. So I can't do that impression.
Okay, he is exaggerating. I don't eat that much.
So, what's going on?
Are we done here?
What about the case thus far makes you believe the victim may have been murdered?
Finding a body in a landfill, that's, uh... that's pretty suspicious. I mean, sometimes it's murder. But sometimes it's just a vagrant who had the misfortune of taking shelter in the wrong Dumpster at the wrong time.
No, not this time. This time my gut is saying murder.
No. The only time a gut should be capable of opening a murder investigation is when that gut contains poison.
Or a stab wound.
Or a stab wound, yes.
A stab wound to the gut should also suffice to open a murder investigation.
Or a gunshot.
That's enough, Dr. Vaziri.
Large projecting mastoid processes indicate the victim was a male.
While the angular orbital socket suggests Caucasian, Mm-hmm. and the advancing stages of definition on the dorsal margins of the pubic surfaces suggest an age range of early- to mid-20s at time of death.
Mmm.
Dr. Vaziri, nice to see you again.
Yes, you as well, Dr. Saroyan.
Dr. Saroyan, we are extremely busy.
Is there something we can help you with?
Yes.
I finished analyzing the victim's lung tissue and didn't find any trace of trash particulates.
Meaning the victim was dead before coming in contact with the garbage. And the only reason a dead body ends up in the garbage is when someone's trying to get rid of it. So Booth was right. This man was murdered.
Trust the gut, baby. Always trust the gut.
♪ Bones 11x18 ♪

The Movie in the Making

Original Air Date on June 2, 2016
♪ Main Title Theme ♪

The Crystal Method

♪ ♪
:
 what we want to be when we grow up.
And now here to tell us a little bit about what she does for a living is Christine's mommy.
Hello.
My name is Dr. Temperance Brennan, and I am a forensic anthropologist.
Can anyone tell me what that means?
: Me!
Yes.
If you're a doctor, it means you fix bellyaches.
No, that is absolutely incorrect. What it means is that I use skeletal remains to help law enforcement solve crimes.
Yes?
How come you only use skeletons?
Because a person's whole life is written in their bones. Who they are, how they died, even sometimes who killed them.
What happens to their skin and hair?
Well, why don't I show you. If I may draw your attention to the television screen.
(gasping, groaning)
Okay, this is a set of human remains in the process of tissue removal by dermestid beetle.
(groaning, chattering)
Maybe we don't... use the visuals.
(chuckles)
Normally, I'd be doing a digital reconstruction.
But the skull was so badly beaten that I had to come up with a new plan.
My name is Angela Montenegro, and I'm a forensic artist.
I'm also kind of the resident computer nerd, I guess.
 the victim's clothing can lead to clues about their identity.
Hey, uh, would you hit the lights?
By using various wavelengths of light, I should be able to read what's printed beneath the staining on the victim's shirt.
Okay.
(whirring)
All right. So, in the center of the shirt, it looks like there's an image of an upside-down triangle with some writing over it. I think it says... "American Pie Pizza."
: 
Guys, come here. Come here. You're gonna love this. This is so cool.
Okay, knowing that the victim was buried in this trash, right, I figured that if I could date the trash, I could actually determine exactly when the victim was thrown into this. So, being the genius that I am, I actually combined the sell-by date on a carton of eggs with a Blockbuster Video receipt and some of these, known as newspapers, to combine them together and determine the victim was tossed in this garbage on or around January 12, 2006. Boom. And that, ladies and gentlemen, that is why they call me king of the lab.
:
No one other than himself, at least.
: 
 the king of the break room.
King of the parking lot.
Oh, and once after making an anonymous donation, he was the king of modesty.
: 
Dr. Hodgins refer to himself as the king of Egypt.
: 
 has this, uh, ancient Egyptian wing, inside of which there is this huge bed, which is so perfect for...
Let's just say if Hodgins is the king of Egypt, then I'm most definitely the queen.
: 
 in ancient Egypt was often incestuous.
There you go. Give us a call.
So, the, uh, owner says that our description of the victim lines up with a guy that used to work here about ten years ago.
A, uh, delivery guy by the name of Brandon Bloom.
(hisses) Oh.
: So what did you think of Dr. Brennan's presentation today?
She smelled pretty.
I think her job is gross.
She's smarter than Ms. Susan.
: 
 to being a best-selling author, I also hold three doctorates and I-I speak eight languages, two of which you've probably never heard of.
So, yes, I think it's safe to say that I am indeed smarter than Ms. Susan.
Hey, Dr. Brennan, welcome back.
I, um...
We were just discussing the case, and, um... But enough about us.
How was, uh, Career Day at Christine's school?
It went well. Christine remained alert, attentive, and inquisitive throughout the entire presentation, all attributes which will make her a fantastic forensic anthropologist one day.
That's excellent.
I had no idea she wanted to follow in your footsteps.
Well... (chuckles) I'm the world's foremost forensic anthropologist and Christina's my daughter.
It would be foolish of her not to take advantage of that level of access.
: 
I do, but that's all you're getting, because like I said when we started, I'm not interested in sharing the details of my personal life with the world.
Oh... I found numerous remodeled fractures on the radii as well as the left tibia.
The amount of remodeling suggests the victim sustained these injuries as a child.
I'm currently in the process of reconstructing the skull.
But I did notice what appears to be a remodeled cranial fracture with its radiating lines positioned across the coronal suture.
Well, all these injuries are indicative of childhood abuse.
: So, after Aubrey got me the name, I was able to use the hospital records to confirm the victim's identity.
Name is Brandon Bloom.
25-year-old pizza delivery guy.
The only family member we were able to track down was his father, who, by the way, never reported his son missing.
On top of the fact that his son may have been abused as a child, it makes my job that much more difficult.
: Why is that?
: 'Cause now I have to tell the dad that his son is dead.
Mr. Bloom?
We found your son Brandon.
He was murdered.
Murdered, what...?
What...?
What?!
We found him, um, lying in a landfill for the past ten years.
Is there a reason why you didn't report him missing?
Brandon always talked about dropping everything and moving to the Caribbean to become a bartender.
I just figured he, he finally did it.
"Figured"?
I'm sorry, you figured?
This is your son we're talking about.
Why didn't you call?
Brandon and I didn't have the best relationship.
When he dropped out of college, I was angry, pissed.
I just didn't want him to wind up like me.
Working back-breaking jobs for minimum wage the rest of his life...
When was the last time you talked to him or you saw him?
Oh, I called him for his 25th birthday.
That would've been, uh, December 8, 2005?
All right, we also got some information that he was abused as a kid.
What the hell are you talking about?
Why don't you tell me?
He rode skateboards. He rode BMX bikes. He was always falling and breaking a different bone every other week. You don't believe me, do you?
What?
You think I killed my son?
No, I'm just asking a question, that's all.
You tell me that my son is dead, and the exact same breath, you accuse me of doing it?
Hmm?
Really?
What kind of a monster are you, huh?
Come on over here. Let's get your pillow on here...
Stand up straight, hold that.
:
:
Ready?
Oh, what a save!
Whoa!
Save! They win the Cup!
They win the Cup! Come on, give me a hug!
They won the Cup!
: 
 of the victim's bones, I discovered evidence of a remodeled Colles' fracture on the left radius.
Its presence suggests that the victim's father may have been telling the truth about the origin of his son's childhood injuries.
So, after Brandon went missing, the room that he was renting just sat empty.
Eventually, the kid's landlord boxed up all of his belongings, gave 'em to Brandon's dad.
There's, uh, not really much in here.
We got a
 DVD, uh, some... a couple old magazines, and, uh, oh, yeah-- a whole bunch of burned CDs.
Apparently the victim was a big Linkin Park fan.
Of course, not big enough to actually buy their music, but certainly enough to steal it.
Also liked Papa Roach, Hoobastank and, uh...
Oh. "Financial Stuff."
Right.
Well, let's see what this one's all about here.
Right.
Okay, so this looks like a spreadsheet of all of Brandon's finances. Mainly just a list of his bills.
Rent, cell phone.
Wait a minute.
At the time of his death, Brandon owed $3,000 to someone listed here as "C. Collins".
That-- that's exactly what we're looking for, okay?
When it comes to murder, money-- always a motive.
:
 when they died often paints a clearer picture of how they lived. And, uh, according to the tox screen results, our victim lived in a cloud of marijuana smoke.
There were extremely high levels of THC in Brandon's system when he died.
That would explain his questionable taste in music.
Uh, Dr. Saroyan, if you have a moment I'd like to show you something I discovered on the bones.
Oh... Oh, uh...
I still haven't found cause of death, but I did notice a couple of perimortem hairline fractures on the victim's right ulna.
Do you think these could be defensive wounds?
Yes. The description of the wounds leads me to believe they were created by a weapon with rounded edges.
Hmm.
The degree of curvature makes me wonder if both these wounds could have been sustained by a single blow.
The distance between the injuries is...
26.8 centimeters, roughly the width of a tennis racket.
The injuries could have been made by the beams.
I'll notify Booth.
: The two of you make a pretty good team, the way you work off of each other.
We do make a good team, don't we?
Well, uh, t... we've been working together a long time.
That's all. There's-there's nothing special about my relationship with Dr. Vaziri.
It's, uh, no different than my relationship with any of the other interns.
: 
She's not one of those micromanagers always hovering over your shoulder. She gives us the space we need to do our best work.
: What do you think of her on a personal level?
Okay, I-I think that's about enough.
: Well, before your next speech maybe you could hand out sick bags.
You'll be happy to know that Christine remained unfazed while witnessing the bones being defleshed.
She's used to it, okay?
At home, you have pi-pictures of dead bodies just lying around all over the place.
I'm just trying to prepare her.
For what, therapy?
Her future as a forensic anthropologist.
No, she's not gonna be a squint, okay?
She is gonna be a hockey player in the NHL.
That's ridiculous, Booth.
That's not ridiculous, okay?
In '91 there was a goaltender who played for Tampa Bay--
Manon Rhéaume-- she was amazing.
I'm well aware that a woman can do anything a man can do. What is ridiculous is the notion that our daughter would dedicate her brilliant mind to the purpose of swatting away rubber pucks. (grumbles)
Okay, look, I'm just saying I don't want her wasting her childhood looking at bones and-and thinking about death all the time.
I looked at bones and thought about death as a child and I don't think it was a waste.
 in anthropology since I was five years old.
Roadkill. Old pets.
The occasional dead bird outside the window.
The other kids thought I was weird.
They'd call me names.
Morticia...
Jenny Dahmer.
But I never let it stop me.
Because I knew that I was going to make something of myself one day.
Well, this job was supposed to be temporary.
The plan was to make enough money to get to Paris and paint. So...
: So why didn't you?
Honestly, I thought Booth was kind of cute.
But then she thought "Why settle for cute when you could have ruggedly handsome?"
What do you have, honey?
Uh, yeah, so, I actually think I struck gold. I found this flip phone 
'Cause of the Linkin Park, um, sticker there, I thought it might have actually belonged to our victim.
So, cell phone companies don't usually retain their records beyond ten years, so if we want to find out who the victim was talking to on the day of his death, then we have to...
Then we need my extremely smart, extremely beautiful wife to reconstruct the phone.
Which... You're actually probably gonna want these.
Ooh. That, uh, phone there, it smells like it's been bathing in trash water for the past ten years.
Which, by the way, it has.
I should have gone to Paris.
: 
C. Collins living in or around Montgomery County.
But only one of them, a guy by the name of Carl Collins, has been arrested multiple times for dealing pot in the victim's hometown of Rockville.
: You think the $3,000 the victim owed may have been a drug debt?
Well, we know that the victim liked his pot.
He certainly didn't have anything else in his life worth that kind of money, so, yeah, it seems like a pretty good theory.
Carl Collins, we're with the FBI. (clears throat)
Oh, man.
Am I on
Well, something like that.
Do you remember a guy by the name of Brandon Bloom?
Yeah, of course, I remember the Bloom-atic.
What's that dill weed been up to? I haven't seen him in years.
Well, the Bloom-atic is dead. He was murdered about ten years ago. Right around the time he owed you quite a bit of money.
He's dead?
That's jacked up.
Bloom was my boy.
(door opens)
Carl, what's going on out there? I told you I didn't want any of that going on around my house.
Relax, Ma. We're not doing anything.
Who are the cameras?
They're... my friends, okay?
We're filming a movie.
Just go back inside, will you?
: So, uh, Brandon was your boy, huh?
Yeah, damn straight. We were business partners.
Right, selling pot.
Nah, man.
Selling T-shirts.
The money he owed me-- that was for inventory.
Here, I'll show you. These damn things didn't sell for crap.
I'll say they didn't.
Not a single one.
Stupid, stuck-up town.
"Stupid, stuck-up town." Yeah, check it out.
I'm sorry, are those two pigs?
Wait till you check out the back. "Porking."
It's funny, right?
Yeah, makin' bacon.
That is funny.
I got nine more boxes if you guys are interested.
No, I think we're good.
But, listen, did Brandon mention anything going on in his life around the time that he stopped coming around?
Anybody that might've wanted to hurt him?
Uh, you guys should talk to that chick, Amy.
: Amy.
Yeah. They had a pretty nasty breakup.
And... oh, damn.
It was right around the same time that Brandon stopped coming by.
: Wow, he breaks up with his girl, then disappears. You don't think that's odd?
What, I was supposed to think that the dude got murdered?
No. Amy was a total goody-good. She was going to school, playing sports, you know, being all healthy.
What kind of sports she play?
Oh, man. I'd have to think...
Got it?
Come on.
Tennis. I think it was tennis.
Tennis.
I think it was tennis.
Tennis, tennis.
Hey, man, when is this gonna be on?
What?
My episode of
I just want to tell my peeps when to watch.
2.2, all cash.
Three-day close. Take it or leave it.
Can you, uh, hang up the phone and have a seat, please, Ms. Lee?
Look, I'm really sorry to hear about Brandon.
But I don't know how I'm supposed to help.
I haven't seen him in over ten years.
Which is exactly the amount of time that he's been dead.
And according to Carl Collins, you two had a pretty nasty breakup right before he was murdered.
Carl Collins?
Carl Collins is a moron.
Is he still dealing pot out of his mom's basement?
Okay, let's not worry about Carl, all right?
Listen, why don't you, uh... why don't you tell me about your relationship with Brandon?
Brandon was actually a sweet guy.
He just had no idea what he wanted out of life.
He was aimless, jumping from one crappy job to the next, just like his father.
That must have been frustrating for someone as driven as yourself.
Ugh. The T-shirt fiasco was the last straw.
Brandon lost thousands trying to sell these ridiculous shirts.
We got into a big fight about it.
He said if I couldn't support his dream, I should leave.
His dream was to sell neon green, X-rated T-shirts?
I don't know what his dream was, and neither did he, so I did what he suggested and left.
And not to be crass, kind of sounds like I made the right choice.
: 
I feel like he never found his place in the world.
Well, perhaps he never found it because he was never really looking.
He seemed very content living a small life as a drug-abusing delivery boy.
Well, I just know that it's a tough spot to be in.
That's all.
: 
Hockey and football--
I mean, those were my two sports. My two big sports.
I played both them all the way through high school.
Actually got a scholarship to, to play football in college, 
So for the first time, I actually had to really think about what I wanted to do in life.
So after about two years of just tooling around and doing nothing, 
That was join the military.
After spending a little bit too much time there, in the military, it kind of made my transition a lot easier into, um, law enforcement.
Maybe not that easy, 'cause, you know, I had to still work with the squints.
Christine, what is it you want to be when you grow up?
Do you want to be a forensic anthropologist like Mommy?
Nah.
Oh, ouch, Bones. That's-that's got to hurt, eh?
She wants to be a goalie for the Philadelphia Flyers.
Nah.
Hmm.
Well, what do you want to do, sweetheart?
She's six years old. She's got a lot of time to decide.
I want to sell cars like Toby's daddy.
: 
:
Absolutely not! Our daughter is not going to be selling cars for a living, Booth.
Why? Look, we support our daughter.
No. No matter what she does, we love...
Not me.
Bones, come on.
That's not what this is about, okay?
If Sweets was here, you know, he would probably say that by Christine rejecting your job, you feel like she's rejecting you.
Well, that is absolutely what he would say, but he'd be wrong because psychology is not a real science, so...
: I'm sorry, I wasn't aware you two were in therapy.
We're not.
Well, we were.
We're... Well... (sighs) Sweets was a friend, but...
Mm-hmm.
...he's dead now.
He was a psychologist with the Bureau, and, um, I would argue that... he's probably the reason why we're together?
I would say, yeah, pretty much.
We still miss him a lot.
Yeah. He was a good friend, and, uh, this job can be hard sometimes.
: 
(laughter)
 paralyzed from the waist down.
: 
Yeah, um, Dr. Zack Addy was a forensic anthropologist who worked here at the Jeffersonian.
He was a... sweet kid and, um, 
I think just, you know, working here around... around all the... all the death and murder was just, um-- it was a little... it was a little too much.
: Dr. Addy had to be institutionalized?
Is that correct?
Yes.
That is correct.
: 
 after Zack left, there was an intern here named Vincent.
Really cool guy.
Always spouting these weird, obscure facts.
Anyway, Vincent had been working a serial sniper case.
It was dangerous.
We all knew the killer was still out there, but we figured we were at least safe here in the lab.
Vincent was right there on the platform when the bullet shattered the window and hit him in the chest.
He died in Dr. Brennan's arms.
She took it pretty hard.
Dr. Brennan's our mentor, and even though she'll never admit it, I think she tends to regard all of her interns as her children.
So to lose one...
Dr. Vaziri, we have yet to determine cause of death, so stop talking and get back to work.
Yes, ma'am.
I was doing some research, and I discovered the type of tennis racket the victim's ex used throughout college.
And was it a match for the defensive wounds we found on the victim's ulna?
The width of the beams on her racket were too thin to have created these injuries.
There appears to be a fracture on the distal shaft of the fourth metacarpal.
A boxers fracture.
The victim must have punched his killer.
If the punch was delivered with enough force to break the victim's hand, it may have been powerful enough to injure our killer.
(footfalls approaching)
How's it, uh, coming with the victim's cell phone?
Well, it was too damaged to reconstruct, but I was able to recover the memory chip, so, with the help of this JTAG emulator, I should be able to retrieve the chip's data.
(beeping)
Wow. Uh, hopefully, you'll be able to read this, 'cause I have no idea what any of it means.
Oh, well, it doesn't mean anything until I input the phone's operating system and file structure.
(beeping)
(computer trilling)
Okay.
All right, so now we have a list of all the calls made and received on the victim's phone.
The last incoming call came from the victim's father.
And it looks like they spoke for a good seven minutes on the night of Brandon's death.
I thought the dad said he and Brandon weren't on speaking terms?
That's what he said, but it's certainly not the truth.
So, knowing that our victim had been in a fight with his killer, I've been checking with hospitals around Rockville, which is actually difficult because of the whole time thing.
Aubrey, do you have anything for me or not?
Just, okay, on the night of Brandon's death, his father checked into St. Andrews with a broken orbital socket.
Oh, busted eye. I mean, that's the same type of injury you would get if you were in a fight.
Why can't you just say that instead of "broken orbital"?
Socket.
Oh, right there.
So, Roy, on the night of Brandon's death, you spoke to him on the phone for over seven minutes.
That's a lot of talking for somebody who wasn't talking to each other.
That was the night Brandon died?
Look, it's not what you think.
It is what I'm thinking, 'cause I'm thinking that you lied to us, Roy.
I was embarrassed.
I'd be embarrassed, too.
You just killed your own son.
I owed a guy money.
A guy?
What kind of guy?
A bookie.
I made a couple of bad bets, and when he... he came to collect, I didn't have the cash.
He roughed me up, opened up my eye.
So you called your son on to go get the money?
No, I called an ambulance.
When I didn't have a ride home from the hospital, that's when I called Brandon.
Uh...
(voice breaking): I didn't have anybody else.
Wait. So not only did you... did you talk to your son on the night he died, but you also saw him?
No.
Look, I told Brandon what happened, and he laughed.
Said I was a joke, he didn't want anything to do with me.
You want to know why I didn't have a relationship with Brandon for the last ten years?
There you go.
(crying)
: Have you had any success determining how the victim was killed?
Determining cause of death is always a-a difficult task.
However, I am extremely confident in... my abilities and those of my team.
Dr. Brennan, I think I found something.
Huh.
(whispering): I actually found it a couple minutes ago, but I wanted to time...
I don't care.
What-what is it you've found?
Well, there appears to be a perimortem blunt force injury on the median sacral crest.
Oh. The shape of the "V" is too wide to have been caused by a blade.
This is likely caused by the victim coming into contact with a... a sharp corner.
Perhaps he was shoved into it during the struggle.
Excellent find, Dr. Vaziri.
Have Dr. Hodgins swab the wound for particulates.
: Would you say you're as close to the interns as Dr. Brennan?
Nope. Sorry. I see what you're getting at here, and it's not gonna happen.
If you'd like to ask me questions about the case, I'm happy to help, but like I said multiple times before, my personal life is off-limits.
Everything okay in here?
Uh, what is it, Dr. Hodgins?
Mass Spec just came back with the results from the bone injury.
This is the Mass Spectrometer.
(laughing)
Mass Spec is only like the coolest thing since air conditioning.
This baby here helps me to identify the type of chemicals present in the sample by measuring the mass-to-charge ratio and the abundance of gas-phase ions.
Yeah. I'm thinking about getting one for the home.
 show traces of urethane prepolymers, diphenylmethane-diisocyanate, and fish collagen.
So what does that mean, the victim was beaten with a fish?
N-No.
Seriously?
(quietly): Get on with it.
Uh, no, th-these are all ingredients in-in-in wood glue.
M-Meaning the victim may have been shoved into a piece of wooden furniture?
That or-or, uh, the corner of a woodworking space.
Okay. I will notify Booth.
Beaten with a fish?
So, at the time of the victim's death, guess who had himself a little business refurbishing old furniture.
The victim's dad?
Yep. Ran it out of his garage.
I'm gonna get a warrant, have the place searched.
Something doesn't add up.
What? What are you talking about?
It's all adding up.
It's like a math class how much it's adding up.
Okay. You know what, here's a guy who was hanging on to his son's junk for ten years.
So a dirty old box of CDs makes you think this guy's innocent?
What I'm thinking is that this guy still cares.
I mean, why would he want to... have a constant reminder of what he did just hanging around the house?
So what do you want to do?
I want to take a look at the father's bookie.
Yeah.
: 
He's in touch with his feelings and... he trusts those feelings.
It's part of what makes him exceptional at his job.
Booth has formed a connection with the victim's father because he, too, has an addiction to gambling. It's... it's a struggle Booth knows all too well.
And because Booth can now see himself in the victim's father, he no longer feels the man would be capable of killing his own son.
This is why I trust science over heart.
Science cannot be swayed.
And right now the science is saying my husband is wrong.
The victim's father mentioned, uh, owing money to a bookie.
I mean, if that bookie really wanted his money, I mean, there's a possibility he may have gone after the guy's son.
: Your wife thinks you're wasting time on the bookie.
Of course she does.
Up until now, the Jeffersonian and the FBI had been working together pretty smoothly.
Sometimes, you know, the gut and the brain, they say-say different things.
: By my calculations, the two of you have analyzed these bones from head to toe at least a dozen times.
And we will continue to analyze them until we discover how this young man was murdered.
What if that day never comes?
That is not possible.
Every time we examine the remains, we discover something new. And that is because we continuously adjust the way in which we look at the bones.
With new perspective comes new insight.
Which means that it's only a matter of time before we find what we're looking for.
♪ ♪
Three faint punctures on the proximal end of the victim's left ulna.
The wounds appear to be equidistantly positioned.
And if you were to connect the dots, they'd form a straight line.
The description of the injuries fits the edge of a serrated blade. For a blade to have created this injury, it would have first needed to transect the ulnar artery.
Which would have most likely caused the victim to bleed out.
We finally found cause of death.
But we still need to find the killer.
Have Dr. Hodgins swab for trace.
: 
I'm kind of like the swab guy, too. (chuckles)
Yeah. Yeah, there are some that might actually call me the king of the swabs. Cam, hey, I'm actually in the process of examining the results of the swab as we speak.
And are you finding anything?
Well, there looks to be traces of maple in the wound, as well as more wood glue.
Dr. Brennan thinks the injury was caused by a serrated blade.
So the presence of wood and wood glue might suggest that the actual murder weapon was a saw blade.
More evidence pointing towards the father.
Hey, hold on.
There's actually something else, too.
Um, it's a fiber.
It looks to me like it's cotton.
There's some blood on it, but, uh, I can actually make out a little bit of coloring. It's green. Like, bright green.
So, Carl had boxes of neon green T-shirts that, uh... in the garage that he and the victim were trying to sell. Which means the fiber we found in the wound could have come from anywhere.
Well, according to Carl, they didn't sell one T-shirt.
They just stayed in the garage.
You changed your mind about the shirts, huh?
(chuckles) No, actually, we got a search warrant to look through your garage. Here you go.
What? Why?
Yeah.
I helped you guys.
I told you about Amy.
Did you even talk to her?
Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I just... I-I remembered something.
What's that?
Amy, she said... I remember her saying that she was... she wanted to kill him.
She said... very angry, she said, "I'm gonna kill him."
Booth?
Yeah.
This saw could be the murder weapon.
The victim could have fallen into it, hit his sacral crest on the cutting table, and sliced his arm on the blade.
No way, man.
If you find blood on the saw, that's from me cutting myself while-while cutting stuff.
Brandon's ulnar artery was severed.
There would have been a lot of blood.
You couldn't have gotten it all.
: You do realize that we are going to tear that machine apart, and we're gonna find traces of blood.
So it's best you just come clean.
Bloom blamed me for the shirts not selling.
He said he wanted his money back so he could go back to school and not end up like his loser dad.
So, rather than give him his money, you hit him?
With an old tennis racket.
Bloom fell into the saw.
We tried to stop the bleeding with a shirt, but there was just too much.
It was not supposed to go down like that.
So, just as I predicted, the father is innocent. So in the end, the gut prevails.
I believe it was the evidence that prevailed, seeing as how it was the evidence that eventually led us to the killer.
The evidence you wouldn't have known what to do with if it wasn't for my investigation uncovering the shirts.
Your investigation would have been lacking a murder weapon if it wasn't for my work in the lab.
Okay, I'll tell you what, we'll go fifty-fifty on this deal.
No, that would be saying that our work is equal.
And we both know that it's the lab that drives these investigations, Booth.
You're saying that your work is more important than my work?
Yes. Obviously.
I'll get that on tape, 'cause it's not true.
It's true.
Okay, Bones, let's stop. Let's stop right there.
You know it. You've seen it.
: So, Emma, what is it you want to be when you grow up?
I want to be a policeman.
I want to be the mayor of Mars.
I have to think about it.
I want to be a magician and a doctor.
When I grow up, I'm gonna be first violin of the National "Symphosty" Orchestra.
I want to drive airplane.
I want to be a forensic anthropologist.
I don't want to be a forensic anthropologist.
: 
Uh, I guess I want to be somebody who sees the beauty in the world and is able to share it with those around her.
♪ When I was younger ♪
: 
I want to be someone who never stops looking.
♪ I wish that I knew what I know now ♪
: 
♪ I knew what I know now ♪
: So, Dr. Vaziri, what is it you'd like to be when you grow up?
Can I have two?
Sure, why not.
I always wanted to be a husband and a father.
That's really sweet.
I'm sorry. I didn't know you were standing there.
I wasn't talking about you. Or us.
Not that there's an us to even talk about. I just meant that...
: Dr. Vaziri, the cameras don't lie.
Well, then why don't you be a decent human being and turn them off. Cam... Dr. Saroyan has told you multiple times that she wants to keep her personal life personal. So why can't you respect that?
N... Uh, that's okay. You don't have to do this anymore.
I love you.
I-I love the way you protect me, and I love the way you fight for me.
And I...
I want to spend the rest of my life with you.
Wait, are you asking me if I'll...
Marry me.
Uh...
Yes?
Y-Yes, yes. Of course.
♪ La, la, la ♪
What do I want to be when I grow up?
Mm. That's a personal question.
I-I don't really feel comfortable answering it.
♪ I wish that I knew ♪

♪ What I know now ♪

♪ When I was stronger, I wish... ♪
: 
♪ When I was younger, I wish that I knew ♪

♪ What I know now ♪

♪ When I was stronger ♪

♪ ♪
: 
: 
♪ ♪
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
