: 
(door opens)
You know, when you texted me, "Let's get crazy tonight," this isn't exactly what I had in mind.
Someone has to do something, okay?
These poor rats are being tortured.
Yeah, it sure sucks to be a rat, huh?
I'll have you know that rats are highly empathetic creatures, unlike you.
I'm emphatic.
Empathetic.
Yeah, that's what I said.
Come here.
Not now, Joey.
(rats squeaking)
This is the one where they're starving the rats to death.
Bummer.
Someone already broke open the cages.
Then why are the rats still here?
(screams)
So I guess a hookup is off the table?
(groans)
(dishes clattering)
Uh, hey, Bones, sorry I woke you up.
Well, I'm glad you did.
You know, studies show that late night eating can increase blood sugar levels.
Okay, uh, you know, Parker's been really busy, you know, at school, and this is the only time that we can talk.
So let's give him a ring.
I-I would love to talk to Parker.
I miss him, too.
Hey, good morning.
Morning, or good middle of the night.
Hi, Bones.
Hi, Parker. How's London?
Oh, I'm just getting ready for school.
Well, listen, one month away before it's me, you, and the Appalachian Trail.
That should be great.
So look, I took a look at the map and I figured we start, uh, at Iron Mountain.
(horn honks)
Oh, shoot, my ride's here early.
Already?
I-I really should go, Dad. I'm sorry.
Oh, oh, yeah, okay, uh.
Okay, have-have a great day.
I love you.
You, too. Bye, Bones.
Bye.
Well, back to bed. Okay.
(phones ring)
: Oh.
Oh, that's yours.
Sorry.
Oh, a body was found in the rat lab at Lynwood University.
I'll ask my father to come over.
Okay, I'll tell you what, I'll, uh, get to the FBI, and get the day started, and...
(clears throat)
What? It's breakfast.
(muttering) No reason why I can't eat the breakfast.
(indistinct radio transmissions)
Wow.
I have to admit, as a doctor, it's pretty exciting to be in the Lynwood bio lab.
You do realize this is a possible murder investigation, right?
I know, but I can't help it.
Some of the most important advances in medical science happened in these rooms.
Huh.
What?
Nothing.
I guess I just always thought you were a little less squinty than the other squints.
I just hide it better.
Is there an I.D.?
Not yet.
What have we got?
: Well, this lab is so sterile, there isn't a single bug on the body.
It was all eaten by the rats.
Rats? Wait, I don't see any rats.
Yeah, I know, 'cause most of them died-- poor little things.
Their stomachs burst from sudden intake of so much food.
I had the techs take the three survivors back to the Jeffersonian.
I was afraid you'd say that.
What do you mean?
Come on, now.
There might actually be some evidence in their excrement.
Well, just keep the rats and the feces in your office, please.
No problem. Will do.
Based on the cyanotic tinge of the tissue, I'd say time of death was approximately 48 hours ago.
The broad mandibular arc indicates the victim is male, and based on the shape of the distal tibia, in his late teens.
Probably an undergraduate.
: Well, I talked to security.
Kids who found the body used a friend's key card to get in, but nobody else opened the door since Friday.
Look at this window.
The, uh, rubber sealant's been peeled off, and someone threaded a wire through there and opened it.
Which means, the victim was killed elsewhere.
This was a body dump.
Look at all these rat cages.
They've all been broken into.
: Yes, it's quite ingenious.
I think the killer knew the rats would eat evidence.
: And that they'd eat a lot of it.
The rats were being starved to observe the effects on Pavlovian conditioning.
: You mean, the rats, like, hear a bell, and then their body expects food?
Well, yeah, the, uh, sound of a bell can make a lab rat do pretty much anything.
Yeah, well, they do have very small brains.
(phone rings)
(phones beeping)
♪ Bones 11x16 ♪

The Strike in the Chord

Original Air Date on May 19, 2016
♪ Main Title Theme ♪

The Crystal Method
♪ ♪
Well, the killer was pretty smart to dump the body where he or she knew it would get eaten.
Do you think it was a Lynwood student?
If it was, then we're dealing with one of the smartest kids in the country.
Come on, you don't think you can take on a college kid?
Oh, we stand a chance.
See, an adolescent's prefrontal cortex isn't fully developed.
So even with high IQs, they're bound to make a mistake.
Wow. Okay, even if they're smart, they're stupid.
When did you become a squint?
Oh, I've been spending a lot of time with Jessica lately.
And she turned me on to these podcasts.
You know, they've got a podcast for everything.
There's a bacteria... I don't really... that does mind control.
I don't need to know about any of that.
I just need to know a list of potential suspects.
I don't need to know about podcasts or bacteria.
There's a lesion in the intestinal lining.
The victim had an ulcer.
He also chewed his fingernails, which is another indicator of stress.
Well, Lynwood is a highly competitive environment.
I'll do a tox screen on the intestines.
Welcome to the forensic platform, Ms. Mills.
I've been waiting five years to hear that.
: Me, too.
I'm glad your work-study program here at the Jeffersonian finally paid off.
Yeah, I can't say I enjoyed scrubbing the museum's toilets, but if it got me here, it was worth it.
Let's begin.
Okay, I will leave you to it.
And again, Ms. Mills, it's great to have you on board.
Thanks.
Okay, what do you make of the fracture on the occipital?
Oh, uh, that's trauma.
That is accurate, however, could you be more specific?
Would you agree that this is blunt force trauma?
Definitely.
Well, this fracture is shallow, and insubstantial, suggesting it is not cause of death.
I agree.
He hit his head hard, but it didn't kill him.
Now that you're an intern, Ms. Mills, your job is not to rephrase my words, but to come up with findings of your own.
I will do my best. I promise.
I am so excited about this opportunity.
As am I.
Please clean the bones and rearticulate them.
I can totally do that.
(squeaking)
I finished the facial reconstruction, and I'm running it through the Lynwood student database.
Do these rats really need a five-star hotel?
Hey, they've been through hell.
I'm gonna do what I can to get them healthy.
Honey, they're rats.
That doesn't mean I should give up on them.
(phone rings)
Ooh.
Uh, hey, we got an ID from the facial reconstruction.
Scott Hill.
Sophomore from Harwood, Missouri.
(knocking on door)
: 
: 
Yeah, I am.
Whatever this is, I've got a final coming up, so.
Look, I'm, uh, sorry to tell you this, but, uh, your roommate was found dead last night.
That's awful.
But I just need to study right now, so.
My partner just told you that your friend is dead.
I've got this final.
Besides, we weren't that close.
You two lived together.
We didn't get in each other's way.
That's why it worked.
All right, Scott was killed.
Can you think of anybody who'd want to hurt him?
No, I'm sorry. I barely saw him.
He was always singing with his group, The Whippersnaps.
Whippersnaps, right. What kind of name is that?
They're a, uh, a cappella group, really good, actually.
Did he spend a lot of his time with The Whippersnaps?
People would do anything to be part of that group.
It was his whole life.
: 
Parker, is everything okay?
Yeah, I wanted to talk to you about this summer.
Your camping trip with your father?
Yeah, see there's this creative writing summer session thing at Oxford I didn't think I'd get into.
But you did?
Congratulations!
Parker, that's-that's exciting.
Yeah, it is, it is, I know.
And, I mean, I want to spend time with Dad, but I really, really want to do this program.
It's a difficult choice.
Yeah, it is, and, see, I don't know how to talk to Dad about it, and I don't want to disappoint him, so please, Bones, could you talk to him?
I'll see what I can do.
All right. Thanks, Bones.
You're the best.
(chuckles)
I can't believe I'm finally an intern at the Jeffersonian.
I know, right?
I haven't been prouder since Michael Vincent correctly identified a Coccinella septempunctata.
The ladybug.
Oh.
I found cause of death.
No, no, Sammy, don't jump to...
Dr. Brennan, I-I found a broken hyoid.
That-that means our victim was strangled.
...conclusions.
Ms. Mills, hypothesis is not fact.
This fractured hyoid is likely cause of death, but we can't know with any certainty till we look at it in further detail.
Please take this to the bone room and examine it under the medio-cam.
Right away.
And in addition, do not wave the remains around.
They are fragile.
Of course.
(clattering)
She's gonna do fine.
I sincerely hope so.
Oh.
I'm fine.
I'm fine. The remains are fine.
Wrong way.
Yeah.
Whippersnaps, huh?
Sounds like a breakfast cereal.
Singing is everything to these kids.
Once you're a Whippersnap, that's what your entire life is about.
Wow, okay, Aubrey, you really did your research on this one.
(clears throat) Well, it's called the Internet, Booth.
You should step into the 21st century.
You know what? The internet?
It's for social idiots, people who don't have a life.
Okay? I like to go out and bowl.
Ever been bowling?
: 
♪ I walk for miles ♪

♪ Along the highway ♪

♪ 'Cause that's just my way ♪

♪ 
 ♪

♪ Of sayin' I love you ♪

♪ I'm always walkin' ♪

♪ 
 ♪

♪ After midnight ♪

♪ Searchin' for you ♪

♪ 
 ♪

♪ 
 ♪

♪ I stop to see a weeping willow ♪
Here we are.
♪ Cryin' on his pillow ♪

♪ I'm lonesome as lonesome can be ♪

♪ 
 ♪

♪ I go out walkin' ♪

♪ Out after midnight ♪

♪ 
 ♪

♪ Out in the starlight ♪
Yeah, they're pretty good.
Yeah, I guess so.
Mm-hmm.
♪ A-walkin' after midnight ♪

♪ Searching for me. ♪
No, no, no, no, no!
I cannot take this anymore.
What is it with you, Julian?
You are pitchy, and your snapping looks like weird chicken claws.
Well, at least I can keep my diva hand under control.
Yeah, Jake.
You look like Mariah Carey's skaggy little sister.
Uh, it's called passion, Ted, something no one has ever felt for you.
Really? 'Cause your dad would disagree.
All right, that's it. FBI.
See that? Everybody. You.
You replaced the director, Scott, didn't you?
Yes.
Okay, well, we need to ask you a few questions.
Everybody else out. Let's go. Move it.
Oh, my God, Jake. What did you do to Scott?
Uh, you two want to stay?
Where were you Friday night?
Here working, your Honor.
We were here.
Yeah, you can work all you want.
Still not getting you a solo now that I'm in charge, so.
You're only in charge because apparently you killed Scott.
You have quite the temper, Jake.
I just found out one of my friends is dead.
Plus, we have nationals coming up.
The NCACs?
What? What's that?
Nothing.
The National Collegiate A Cappella Competition.
Our whole year leads up to this.
We expect to win.
We've been rehearsing day and night.
Why didn't you report Scott missing?
I didn't have time for that.
Scott wasn't here, so I took control-- I did what I had to do.
Scott dies, you take control. That's convenient.
Convenient?
We just lost a tenor right before Nationals.
Where were you on Friday night?
In my room, practicing my scales.
You can ask anyone in the dorm next door.
I project.
So, can you think of anyone who'd want to hurt Scott?
Ian Johnson?
He 
 Scott's best friend, and Scott kicked him out of the group a month ago.
Why'd he kick him out?
No idea.
But Ian was so upset.
He left Lynwood.
Dr. Hodgins, can you take a look at something for me?
Y-y-you are feeding a rat with a bottle.
Yeah. It's the only way I can get him to eat.
Their experiment has been compromised.
They no longer have a use.
Okay, all right.
What do you have to show me?
I checked some tissue around the...
Oh.
...hyoid for ligature marks, and I found this.
I think it's a splinter.
Let me see.
It looks like wood to me.
Well, this alignment of tracheids, and also fibers and the vessel elements, tells me that it's oak.
Huh. Got anything else for me?
No, but I did find a bacteria in the larynx that I couldn't identify.
You think it had something to do with the murder?
In my experience, anything out of the ordinary is worth looking into.
Okay.
Good boy.
Looks like being a Whippersnap is a family tradition.
That was from my era-- class of '76.
The best times of my life.
William Johnson.
Ian's father.
Mm-hmm.
We just heard about Scott's death. Truly a shame.
Right, well, I can see the group meant a lot to you.
You must have been pretty upset when Scott kicked Ian out.
I was shocked.
I was good in my day, but Ian, I have never in my life heard a voice like his.
So you were angry at Scott?
I was director once, myself.
I have to respect the current director.
Ian understood that as well.
Well, we'll need to hear that from Ian.
We can see him right now.
We? Whoa, whoa, he's-he's not a minor.
I don't think he needs dad to hold his hand.
I'm his dad, but I'm also a lawyer.
I'd be a lot more comfortable if I were present.
(piano playing)
♪ One man's pain is another man's pleasure ♪

♪ Trying to climb down... ♪
This is the guy that Scott kicked out?
Clearly wasn't because of his voice.
That's like butter.
It always comes down to food with you, doesn't it?
Ian.
These men are here from the FBI to talk to you about Scott.
(clears throat)
I can't believe someone did this.
We just need to ask you a few questions.
When was the last time you saw Scott?
Not since he kicked me out of the group.
Hmm, you two were best friends.
That must have made you pretty angry.
That's a bit of a leading question, isn't it?
We could always go down to the FBI if you'd like.
All I want to do is sing.
Okay, Scott took that away from me.
So why'd he kick you out of the group?
He said I wasn't cutting it, but that made no sense.
I don't know.
He was acting weird.
He was keeping secrets.
Secrets, what kind of secrets?
I told you, I don't know.
I don't know what he was up to.
I don't know why he kicked me out of the Whippersnaps, and now I never will.
Where were you Friday night?
I was here.
Is there any way you can prove that?
I-I was... I was home alone.
We have security cameras all the way around the house.
If he left, you'd see it in the tapes.
Great. We're gonna need those tapes, so we can clear your son.
I swear, I would never do this.
Hey!
Hey, Angie.
I just picked up our voicemails from home, and, uh, a Dr. Amir Hoffman called for you.
He did? What did he say?
Yeah. He said, uh, he had some good news about a new study.
Oh, yes, I was probably admitted.
Uh, what is this about?
Dr. Hoffman has an experimental surgery for nerve regeneration.
Surgery?
Yeah, so I can walk again.
Angela, you do realize that I still can't walk?
I know that.
But surgery?
We-we have to talk about this.
I mean, there are risks.
I just gave you amazing news, and all you can be is skeptical.
No, I-I-I want more information before you risk everything on an experiment.
Well, it's not your decision to make, it's mine, and I'm getting my legs back.
I found this fracturing on the fifth rib.
Oh, note that the damage occurred on both the posterior vertebral and anterior sternal surfaces.
What does that tell us?
That there's fracturing on both front and back.
I'm familiar with the definitions of anterior and posterior.
Sorry.
The corresponding fractures indicate that force was applied to the victim's chest while his body was pressed against an unyielding, hard object.
What did you find from the hyoid fracture?
Oh, I believe that is a comminuted fracture.
I concur.
The fracture's on the midline of the hyoid body, as opposed to the greater cornua.
I posit that the victim was struck in the neck with a solid object, which fractured his hyoid and caused him to suffocate.
I concur.
Ms. Mills.
I do not need your approbation.
You were brought on as an intern to contribute to our process.
If I must babysit you, you become a hindrance, and I-I just can't have that.
No, I'm sorry, Dr. Brennan.
I can do this. I promise.
So you really think that looking at this kid's playlist is going to help us find his killer?
Yeah, music gets you inside of someone's head.
I can prove it.
See, Ian said that Scott was acting strange recently, so I looked into the music that he's been arranging, and I found this.
Yeah, this is gibberish to me.
Oh, it's completely different than anything the Whippersnaps have ever done.
The orchestration is totally original.
The interplay between voice parts is complex and dynamic.
Not to mention, this half-step modulation.
It's crazy.
Yeah, okay, uh, what is going on with you here?
What do you mean?
The interplay between voice parts is complex and dynamic?
It sounds like you know a little bit more about this than you're letting on.
Okay. (clears throat)
Look, I'm gonna level with you, but you gotta promise that you're not gonna mention anything.
Uh, okay.
Okay.
I, uh, (whispering): I sang a cappella.
In college.
Oh, uh, cool. Uh, so?
So? So I don't want Booth to find out.
He's going to mock me.
I got a manly reputation to protect here.
Yes, right.
Of course, you do.
Look, okay, whatever was going on with this kid, it's gonna show up in his music.
(sighs) Okay.
Let's look.
Oh, "For Liz."
Huh, that's interesting.
It's his newest playlist.
Love songs.
A s*x playlist, maybe?
Let me check the metadata and see if we can access where he was listening to it.
Nickerson Hall.
Huh, the English department.
Not exactly the sexiest place for a hookup, but okay.
Hmm.
Oh, okay, this is the Lynwood security footage.
Hopefully we can find something from one of those nights.
That's him.
And that must be Liz.
♪ Ah ♪

♪ Ah ♪

♪ Uh-huh ♪

♪ Yeah ♪

♪ 
 ♪

♪ So, you say I'm complicated ♪

♪ 
 ♪

♪ But you've had me underrated ♪

♪ 
 ♪

♪ Yeah, yeah ♪

♪ 
 ♪

♪ What's wrong with being ♪

♪ Yeah... ♪
That's Elizabeth Dervan.
She's the girl from the closet.
She's a Gingersnap-- they're like the female Whippersnaps.
Okay, well, the question is who didn't like Liz and Scott fooling around?
♪ Yeah ♪

♪ 
 ♪

♪ 
 ♪

♪ Ooh, ah ♪
(mumbling): Hold on one second.
What is it?
They weren't hooking up.
Then what were two college kids doing in a closet every night?
: Singing.
♪ 
 ♪

♪ 
 ♪

♪ Confident! ♪
: Not a lot of singers that can hit that high "G" flat.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Research.
See, this, uh, Whippersnap arrangement calls for a belted "G" flat.
Scott kicked Ian out of the Whippersnaps to make room for you, didn't he?
: So Scott's big secret here was to have a girl in the group, right?
He wanted to do a big reveal at Nationals with press and everything-- the first female Whippersnap.
That's why we were hiding our rehearsals.
But Scott didn't care about gender equality, did he?
He cared about winning.
: Right, exactly, you found out his true intentions.
You got pissed off, and you killed him.
No.
The truth is I knew what Scott wanted, but it was a chance to break new ground and... that's good for women, isn't it?
Well, that's a hell of a justification for screwing over your teammates.
(sighs) I swear, I didn't kill him.
: Well, any idea who did?
I don't know, but I know if people found out, my group, his group, it could piss a lot of people off.
You have something for me?
I found fracturing on both olecranon processes of the ulnae.
Wait... ulnas?
And why are you showing me and not Dr. Brennan?
Well, I just wanted to run it by you.
I mean, you're the boss.
Ms. Mills, you can't be afraid to go to Dr. Brennan.
That said, what did you find?
Well, we know our victim was being attacked, so his instinct would have been to protect his face.
So the weapon hit the olecranon processes, fracturing the elbows.
So these are defensive wounds.
I believe so, yes.
Okay.
I'll see if I can find evidence of the murder weapon in the corresponding tissue.
Great work, Ms. Mills.
(chuckles)
: 
Parker called me.
He said he wants to do a creative writing program this summer.
Wait a second, what?
Instead of hiking the Appalachian Trail with me?
He's an excellent writer, Booth.
Yeah, I... but summer is all about having fun.
Well, it might be equally fun for him to focus on a specific area of his academic interest.
Why did he come to you about this?
I don't know.
My assumption is that he feels that I can understand his predicament.
Wait, predicament?
Look, Bones, I love you and all, but this decision isn't up to you.
I know... but isn't it up to Parker?
: 
 any news out on that strange bacteria?
It's a rare type of streptococcus.
: Well, that is not good for a singer.
Yeah, I called the university health center.
Scott and five other Whippersnaps checked themselves in a month ago with an unidentifiable strep-like infection.
Unidentifiable?
Well, that's scary.
And suspicious, so I called labs in the area to see if anyone was familiar with it.
Turns out the biomedical research lab at Lynwood wasn't only familiar with it-- they created it.
: All right, well, let's see who had access.
Wait a second.
This is the Whippersnap's rival group, The Gingersnaps.
: One of the research fellows at the biomedical lab was a Gingersnap?
Esther Hines.
Look, Officer, there must be some kind of a mistake.
Okay, the title is Agent.
I'll call you whatever you want to be called.
Save that for your professors, Esther.
That's not gonna work here.
Now, let's talk about how you infected those Whippersnaps with strep.
That's ridiculous. You're one of ten people with access to the bacteria, the gestation period of which is three days.
Now... look what happened three days before the Whippersnaps checked themselves into the health center.
Didn't know it was a crime to kiss multiple guys in one night.
I wonder what Lynwood's expulsion policy is on bioterrorism.
Okay, I gave them strep.
Because you wanted to take out the competition.
Okay, I was tired of The Whippersnaps getting all the big bookings, so I put a sample of the disease in my lip gloss and I made out with them.
Scott stole your soloist, so you gave him an infection and then moved on to something more severe.
Back up.
Scott did what?
Are you telling me you didn't know that Scott was poaching Liz?
Okay, even if Scott wanted Liz to join, she wouldn't have been able to.
Their bylaws prohibit women.
Scott was the director.
He could have just changed that.
Okay, no, only the head of the Whippersnap Alumni Foundation can do that.
He's this old lawyer who is still weirdly obsessed with The Whippersnaps.
You talking about William Johnson?
Yeah.
Anyways, he would never sign an amendment.
How do you know that?
Because I tried to get him to sign it.
I wanted to be a Whippersnap.
I used my best negotiation tactics, so trust me, if he said no to me, he definitely said no to Scott.
: 
 on the victim's bicep, and found a grouping of hemosiderin laden macrophages.
Meaning...
Well, essentially, bruising.
With microscopic imaging, I was able to determine where under the skin the blood vessels burst.
Hmm... looks like a hand print.
Exactly.
Someone grabbed the victim tight enough to leave a mark.
Can you determine the size of the hand?
Yeah, since we know the circumference of the bicep, I can overlay the placement of the bruises.
I'll send this to Booth.
This could be the hand of our killer.
We established my son has an alibi.
I don't see why you need to question me further.
We're not here to talk about Ian.
We're here to talk about you, so have a seat.
: Please, have a seat, Mr. Johnson.
You neglected to tell us that Scott approached you about changing the Whippersnap bylaws.
I fail to see how that's relevant.
It's relevant because all of those years of tradition flushed down the toilet by some teenager is enough to drive a guy to murder.
That's ridiculous.
Ridiculous? Prove it.
: See, the killer grabbed the victim by the arm.
If you're not the killer, then your handprint won't match.
Look, the handprint will match, but I didn't kill him.
Well, something happened between you two.
The Whippersnap bylaws state the group is all male, but he said if I didn't let a woman in, he'd just change the name to Whippersnappers.
I was pissed.
I grabbed him and I told him I'd make sure the Whippersnappers never made a penny, but I let him go, okay?
Mm-mm, you're looking pretty good for murder.
Maybe you should take a look at Julian Klein and Ted Gibbs.
Why is that?
Back in September, they were running for the same director position.
Both were far more qualified than Scott.
You think Scott pulled something crooked?
My son told me Scott blackmailed him.
Said he'd expose the fact that they had been buying term papers.
You wanted to see me, Dr. Brennan?
Ms. Mills, are these the injuries you catalogued as defensive wounds?
Yes.
These are crushing fractures which suggest the victim fell backward onto his elbows.
That's right.
I-I knew that.
Why wasn't I informed about this fracturing?
I catalogued it with the victim's childhood injuries.
Note the lack of remodeling.
The fracturing on these bones is perimortem.
Oh, I'm sorry.
And they are parallel to the hyoid and rib fractures, which indicates the killer hit the victim one time, with one object, such as a ladder, causing multiple parallel contusions.
I should have seen that.
It was right in front of me.
Your mistakes delayed the progress of the investigation.
I'm so sorry.
It won't happen again.
That is right, Ms. Mills, because...
I have to let you go.
I know I can do better.
That is conceivable, but I can't take that chance.
(crying)
There, there.
♪ I go walkin' ♪

♪ After midnight in the moonlight ♪

♪ Always walkin' after midnight ♪

♪ Searching for you ♪

♪ I walk miles along the highway ♪

♪ 'Cause that's just my way ♪

♪ Of saying I love you ♪

♪ I go walkin' ♪

♪ After midnight ♪

♪ I'm gonna swing ♪

♪ From the chandelier ♪

♪ Out in the moonlight ♪

♪ Just hoping you may be somewhere ♪

♪ From the chandelier ♪

♪ I'm ♪

♪ A-walkin' ♪

♪ After midnight ♪

♪ Gonna live ♪

♪ Like tomorrow doesn't exist ♪

♪ Searching for me ♪

♪ Searching for me ♪

♪ Like it doesn't Exist ♪

♪ 
 ♪

♪ I'm walkin' ♪

♪ I'm ♪

♪ Gonna fly like ♪

♪ After midnight ♪

♪ Out in the starlight ♪

♪ A bird through the night ♪

♪ Feel my tears as they dry ♪

♪ Just hoping you may be ♪

♪ Somewhere out walkin' ♪

♪ I'm ♪

♪ Gonna swing ♪

♪ After midnight ♪

♪ Searching for me ♪

♪ From the chandelier ♪

♪ From the chandelier ♪

♪ Searching for me ♪

♪ I'm holding on for dear life ♪

♪ Won't look down, won't open my eyes ♪

♪ Keep my glass full ♪

♪ Until morning light, 'cause I'm just ♪

♪ Holding on for tonight, help me ♪

♪ I'm holding on for dear life ♪

♪ I'm walkin' ♪

♪ After midnight ♪

♪ 
 ♪

♪ 
 ♪

♪ 
 ♪
: Okay, that's it.
(claps) Hey! Quiet up.
Let's-let's wrap this up here.
We have one day to get ready.
That's fantastic, but I got a search warrant here that trumps your little glee club, so everybody out.
Move, move, uh-uh, except you two.
You two back up. Why?
What? Why?
Because you were here the night that Scott Hill was murdered.
And the murder took place right here.
Parallel rungs made of oak.
Fits the weapon profile.
Weapon profile? What are you trying to say?
You're both under arrest for the murder of Scott Hill.
We are not murderers.
I-I cry at the end of 
Does that sound like a murderer to you?
We've got you two at the scene of the crime on the day of Scott's murder.
Oh, my God, are you serious? I mean, we may...
No, there's no...
...we may have been there at some point, I mean, look at us. but we're there every single day.
We sing, no, we do.
Yeah.
Every day, and we have And CICs are coming up. a show coming up.
We're rehearsing...
I can't afford to lose my voice...
...every night, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday...
: Okay, slow it down.
Thank you.
One at a time.
Is there anyone who can account for where you were on Friday night?
Yeah, totally.
Yes.
Okay, who?
Him.
Him.
Anyone who isn't a suspect in this murder investigation?
Oh...
Wait, we're actually murder suspects?
We didn't do this.
Oh, my God, I'm freaking out right now.
Scott blackmailed you so he could become director.
Yes, Scott blackmailed us, but it was for the best.
He was an amazing director.
So, you admit that he blackmailed you?
That must have made you angry.
Well, I mean, at first, yeah, but after we saw how good he was, we realized it was worth it.
He even gave me his anxiety medication before a concert just to help me chill out.
Hold on a second, Scott gave you drugs?
Well, yeah, yeah, i-it-it was just medication, uh, uh, a friend helping out a friend.
You know, I...
I tend to get really... um... do you... do you have a paper bag?
(hyperventilating)
(gasps)
: 
 from the injury at the hyoid to the rib, and the rib injury to the tibia.
Well, in this case, there'd be more injuries.
What if the victim wasn't prone?
If I adjust his body, the ladder hits him in the right places.
Well, this is possible, but I'll need to examine further.
Hey, little Copernicus came through for us.
Oh, I assume you're talking about the rat, (laughing): and not the astronomer.
Yeah.
Yes.
Anyway, uh, I actually found wood in his feces, and not just oak.
There was maple, pine and alder, which means that the weapon was made of some compressed wood.
The ladder from Whipperspace is made of solid oak, so that can't be the murder weapon.
Ugh.
So much for that.
Hey, by the way, where is Sammy?
I haven't seen her in a few hours.
She made significant errors, so I fired her.
After a day?
: Seriously?
Come on now, I mean, everyone deserves a second chance, especially one of our own.
I am fond of Sammy as well, but I can't let my personal feelings impede an investigation.
Case in point.
There's sharp force trauma on the occipital which was obfuscated by the blunt force trauma, but it should have been found.
So, the victim was hit with something?
He was.
Dr. Hodgins, can you swab for particulates?
You expect us to work even though you just fired our friend?
Thank you, yes.
: 
 for your big camping trip?
Okay, just slow down, okay.
This is not a "camping trip," you understand me?
We are hiking the Appalachian Trail.
Hiking, got it.
Parker must be stoked.
What do you got?
Well, listen, the lab ruled out the Whippersnap ladder.
All right, so we're back to square one.
Well, not exactly, see, I found out that Scott had been scoring anti-anxiety meds for Julian.
Turns out Scott didn't have a prescription.
Ah, you know, Scott would do anything for that group.
Maybe that includes buying drugs illegally.
A campus full of geniuses got to be loaded with anti-anxiety meds and dealers.
Sounds kind of pathetic, if you ask me.
You get into a top ten university, and singing freaks you out?
(scoffs) Let's see you get up there and try it.
I'm just saying.
Hey.
You wanted to show me something?
Yeah, so, I got the results back from swabbing the sharp force trauma, and check this out.
I found traces of olivine, pyroxine, and troilite, which got me thinking of chondrules.
Wow, they're beautiful, aren't they?
Very rare, too, because chondrules are only found in meteorites.
Wait, the victim's roommate is an astrophysics major with a focus on planetary geology.
Hey, then that actually means that it's possible he had access to meteorite samples.
I'll call Booth.
Uh, also, C-Cam... this whole Sammy thing, any chance you can, you know, pull rank or anything?
I mean, I feel like we can get it to work.
(sighs)
Wanting things to work and actually making things work are two very different things, Dr. Hodgins.
: This is a meteorite sample.
Blood.
: Bones, what about this?
What about the bookshelf?
There's... there's parallel bars.
The wood is cheap.
Could this have killed him?
Let me see.
Yes, the spacings correlate directly to the injuries.
Wait a second, I got motive.
Empty bottle of anxiety medicine made out to McKay Nield.
You killed Scott because he was stealing your meds.
No.
: You threw the meteorite at his head.
No... that-that's not true. I'm not a killer.
It propelled him forward into the bookshelf, disrupting its balance and causing it to fall onto him.
I-It was an accident.
I had to give a presentation for the astronomy fellowship.
Scott took my meds, and I had a panic attack.
That fellowship meant everything to me, and I lost it because of him.
So you killed him.
No.
He pulled the shelf on top of himself trying to get his balance.
I... I didn't mean to.
I'm sure you didn't mean to feed his body to the rats, either.
Turn around.
♪ 
 ♪

♪ Close your eyes, lay your head down ♪

♪ Now it's time to sleep ♪

♪ May you find great adventure ♪

♪ As you lie and dream... ♪
What are you looking at?
Hi, Angie.
I actually think these little guys are gonna make it.
(sighing): Yeah.
What?
Well, I did some research on that Dr. Hoffman.
One of his patients died during surgery.
I know, Angela, but that was two years ago.
Look, you seem to care a whole lot about those rats' lives, and yet you don't even think twice about risking your own.
Come on, this is different.
I'm not really sure that it is.
The entire colony died because they were poked and-and-and prodded and tested on, and now you just want to sign up to do the same thing to yourself.
You're right.
You're right.
I'm not gonna do the surgery.
I just really wanted to find something that worked.
Well... we'll keep looking until we find something that does.
But for now we should...
For now... we're fine.
Okay.
Hey, so, Angela, um, so, in terms of the rats... we can take them home with us, right?
Hodgins.
Angela, you cannot come into my office and do this whole speech about the value of life and then send these poor little guys back to Lynwood where they're gonna get executed.
Fine... but you are the one who's gonna be cleaning the poop out of those cages.
You say that as if it's a bad thing.
(phone beeps)
Oh, hey, Booth wants us to come over.
He says it's important.
Are you gonna tell us why we're here?
Okay, I'm here, what's the big emergency?
Okay, I found something important that we all must see.
Ooh, I wonder what it could be.
Is this to do with the murder?
No, it's about one of us.
Oh, is it... about Hodgins or perhaps Cam?
: No, it's uh... about Aubrey here.
He is, uh-- or was-- hiding something from us.
I found this in a pile of William Johnson's a cappella junk.
This is the 2001 National Collegiate A Cappella Championship.
Oh... What could that be?
Let's put that one in.
No, no, no, give me that, that's evidence!
No, no, no, no, it is in, and we are ready to roll, huh?
(laughter)
: Yes!
♪ Daisy, Daisy ♪

♪ 
 ♪
Looking good there, Aubrey.
♪ Give me your answer, do ♪
Oh...
: Oh, wow.
Really?
: Wow...
: Geez, we got 11th place.
(laughter)
Aubrey, looking good, man.
(laughs) That is quite a hairdo.
(laughing): Aubrey.
Okay, Booth, lay it on me.
Well, I think the tape speaks for itself there, Aubrey.
♪ You'll look sweet upon the seat ♪
(laughter)
♪ Of a bicycle built ♪

♪ For two... ♪
Yeah, so listen, I read the, uh, short story that, uh, Parker gave you, and, uh, he might, uh, be a better writer than you.
Well, that's an opinion I'm certain my fans would disagree with, but yes, Parker is a talented writer.
(laughing): Look at that.
(laughs)
I'm gonna... let him go to Oxford this summer.
(clears throat) Really?
Yeah, you know, I think that, you know, life is... life needs to be enjoyed.
You're not afraid he'll turn out like one of the Lynwood kids or me?
Let me tell you something, Bones, if he ends up turning out like you, I will be the proudest dad ever.
Ah, there's the big finale.
♪ 
 ♪

♪ On a bicycle built ♪

♪ For two! ♪
(laughter and applause)
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
