(line rings)
: 911. What is your emergency?
(slurring): Hello.
My name is Darrell, and I'm in the woods off the... Route 301 near Bensley.
And I'm out here, 'cause I went to take to pee, bad, and I think I found a dead body.
Sir, prank phone calls to 911 are punishable under Virginia law.
No, not a joke.
I really think I may have found a body.
What do you mean you 
 have found?
Oh, man...
Is it a body or not?
I don't want to look at it again.
(burps)
(sizzling)
(groans)
Oh, yeah, it's-it's definitely a body.
And it's in acid or something and it's horrible.
Oh, God, I got, I got to have some more beer.
Please, sir, do not have another beer.
Sounds like you've had enough.
(branches cracking nearby)
Sir?
Oh, no.
Sir?
(whispers): I hear something.
Sir?
It's the killer.
Oh, he's still here.
Sir, I need you to calm down.
(panting): I can't.
I'm sor-- I'm sorry.
I got to get out of here.
Sir? Sir?
We have traced your call.
Officers have been dispatched.
They will be there in two minutes.
Please don't drink any more.
(whistling)
: Bones, what are you doing up?
It's, like, the middle of the night.
You're sick. You should be back in bed.
In a minute.
First, I need to drink this herbal remedy.
It's a tea made from ginger, fennel and anise.
Certainly smells like that. (sighs)
Booth, I said "anise," not "anus."
Smells like the other end, too.
What about you? You feeling the onset of any symptoms?
Me? No, I'm fine. I'm fit as a fiddle. You know me.
Okay, I-I don't understand how that's possible.
You should be sick, too.
Compared to my diet, yours is abhorrent.
You eat nothing but meat, cheese and bread.
Sugar. You forgot the sugar. And my beer. I love my beer.
All of which promote an inflammatory response.
(phone chirping)
Oh, you got to be--
Not now. Already?
I take it that's work?
Looks like they found a body in the woods outside Richmond.
They're bringing it back to the lab with a potential witness.
You should go. I can take care of myself.
Nope. No, no.
I'll get Aubrey on it. He can go to the lab.
I got to take care of you. Come on.
Let's get back to bed.
Bring your anus tea or whatever.
I'm sorry, what is that?
Smell tea.
Anise.
Ooh, that stinks.
I know you like it.
(groans): Ah!
I understand we have a witness?
Not really.
(scanner beeps)
He was pretty intoxicated.
He claims he was hit by a pair of masked assailants, who swung matching shovels at the exact same time.
Oh, so he was seeing double, right?
You talking about our witless witness?
The good news is I was able to pull particulates out of his head wound.
So maybe he won't be a complete waste.
Aubrey, do me a favor. Can you grab a zipper?
Oh.
: Uh... what are you doing?
You're starting without Dr. B?
Booth is taking care of her. She's at home sick.
Mm-hmm.
Wow, okay.
Now I know how she feels. Pretty awful, huh?
Looks like this guy took a bath in toxic waste.
Well, what the killer actually used was muriatic acid.
Local PD was smart enough to neutralize it with baking soda.
Another couple hours, and he would've completely dissolved.
It's lucky for us.
(coughs) Yeah.
Feeling pretty fortunate right now.
Well, it doesn't look like there are any internal organs left.
Oh, but...
...take a look at this.
What is that, some kind of heart monitor?
I don't think so.
It looks like a wrist microphone clip.
It's government issue.
It's the kind the Secret Service use.
Seriously, like, 
 Secret Service?
The people that protect the president?
(doors open)
Looks like one of their own was just murdered.
♪ Bones 11x17 ♪

The Secret in the Service

Original Air Date on May 26, 2016
♪ Main Title Theme ♪

The Crystal Method
♪ ♪
: Booth, this is Agent Brandt Walker with the Secret Service.
Seeley Booth, I've heard a lot about you.
It's an honor to meet you.
Only active agent to ever take a bullet for the president.
Yeah, yeah, still got a souvenir in the old leg, but that... that was a long time ago.
Well, I'm sorry we're meeting under these circumstances.
You hear anything from the lab?
Still waiting on an official I.D., but all signs point to this being one of your guys.
Graham, uh, Roberts.
He was head of my tactical team.
: When was the last time you heard from him?
Last night around 8:00, he texted to say he needed to talk.
And I texted back, but when he didn't answer, I knew something was off.
His body was found just outside of Richmond.
What was your team doing that far out of D.C.?
Well, the president has a campaign fund-raiser there in 36 hours.
It's just a hop, jump and a skip away, but still we sent an advance team.
Any chance the president's gonna cancel?
No, not while on the campaign trail.
Not with the polling so close.
Well, it is, of course, possible that Agent Robert's death had nothing to do with the president.
I'll start doing some digging into his personal life.
Well, hold your horses.
Now, before 
 do anything, I still need approval from on high that both of you are cleared to work this.
Look, if you need someone to vouch for Aubrey, he's the best around.
Aubrey's not the problem.
Strange as it sounds, concerns have come up about your heritage.
: What?
What are you talking about?
There are those who are unsure that a descendent of John Wilkes Booth should be working this case.
Very good. Now can you position the camera closer to the distal end of the right femur?
Oh, interesting.
Remodeling suggests a compound fracture due to shrapnel, perhaps caused by an IED.
Do we have the victim's medical records?
No, not yet, but they should be here soon.
Along with the forensic anthropologist the Secret Service is sending.
What? Why would they do that?
I-I may be sick, but even infirmed, I don't know who could be more capable...
Oh, I can think of one person.
Oh, my God. Fisher!
It's been years.
Where have you been?
Well, wouldn't you like to know?
Mr. Fisher, you're the expert assigned to this case?
Yes.
Yes, I am.
And it's Dr. Fisher now, if you will.
And I insist you do.
So, what?
You completed your PhD, and you're working with the Secret Service?
Well, I-I consult with them.
Yes, I'm on loan from another organization.
No way!
The CIA?
Or, um, Homeland Security?
Well, I'm afraid it's classified.
But what I can tell you is that I travel extensively, and I'm always surrounded by young, nubile women.
I wish I could tell you more, but I am just not at liberty to do so, so...
Well, we get it.
It's all very mysterious and kind of sexy.
I'd like to think so, yes.
Dr. Fisher, we are wasting valuable time!
I need to know, did the victim have reconstructive surgery on his right femur after an IED explosion?
Yes, let me see here.
(clears throat)
By comparing the X-ray of Graham Roberts' medical files to your own, the injuries show matching characteristics consistent with shrapnel.
Therefore, this is indeed Agent Roberts.
Good work, Dr. Fisher.
Yes, very well done.
But I am afraid that you have wasted your time coming down to the lab.
I am quite confident I am feeling better now.
And I no longer... (coughs) I no longer need... Oh.
Ex... (coughing)
(coughing continues)
: Wow.
Dr. Brennan, based on the viscosity and color of your discharge, it's clear that you're still contagious.
Not to worry; your lab is in very good hands.
Mine.
(sighs)
: 
Agent Patel.
She will be your liaison in the investigation.
Walker brought me up to speed.
What's our next step?
I take it you worked alongside Agent Roberts?
Yes, he joined the advance team about three years ago.
Then I'm guessing you have a good idea of what was going on in his personal life.
I don't think he really had one.
Certainly not a wife or girlfriend.
Okay, and what exactly was his role in protecting the president?
Half of us work on securing every square foot that the president will cover on his visit.
And then the tactical unit investigates all credible threats to the president within a hundred-mile radius.
Now, these are the case files of all the persons of interest that Roberts was assigned.
He met with each of them personally yesterday.
So, it's possible that one of these guys not only killed your agent...
But that same person may also be targeting the president.
(footsteps approaching)
Well, Dr. Hodgins.
Greetings and salutations.
No way, Fisher!
What are you doing here?
Consulting for the Secret Service, leading in Dr. Brennan's absence.
Typical man of action stuff.
Wow!
I see Angela wasn't joking about you being paralyzed.
Uh, no.
No, not-not a joke.
Just a lot of pain, misery and self-loathing.
Feelings in which I'm very well-versed.
I do remember.
(chuckles) Fisher, this is so awesome to see you.
I should probably get back to my analysis.
Actually, that's why I stopped by.
I wanted to check up on your progress while the bones are being cleaned.
Yeah, sure. I mean, there isn't much so far.
We got this photo that the attending EMTs took of our witness's face.
See that L-shaped gash?
That's a match to a square point shovel.
Unfortunately, square point shovels are pretty commonplace, so that clue gets us nowhere.
Exactly, but I also found something probative on the victim's shoe.
In the treads, I found macro-nutrients.
Specifically, nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium-- aka fertilizer-- also muriatic acid, which is sometimes used in cleaning garden sculptures.
Add that to the shovel, and it sounds like our killer might've been in landscaping.
It's a stretch, but, hey, it's all I've got.
: 
 divorced with kids, no custody.
More importantly, he's one of the threats that Agent Roberts met with yesterday.
Yeah, correct. His last scheduled visit.
Probably the last person to see him alive.
So what kind of threats we talking about here?
Well, most of Stockton's attacks came on Twitter.
Unfortunately, he never outright threatened the president.
If he had, then we could press charges.
Instead, he wrote that "someone" needs to shoot the president, so he will, quote, "be tortured in hell for all of eternity."
Okay.
Yeah.
Can't wait to meet him.
Hello?
Looks like he stepped out.
You seeing anything?
Aubrey, look.
(clattering)
(rock music playing over headphones)
Mr. Stockton, we're with the FBI and the Secret Service.
We'd like to ask you some questions.
♪ ♪
Take a seat. We need to ask you a few questions about Secret Service Agent Graham Roberts.
: You remember him, don't you, Neil?
He came to see you last night, about your threats against the president.
I don't understand. Where's Agent Roberts at?
That's a good question.
But then, I think you know the answer, don't you?
Hold on. No.
Uh, you don't think that I...
No, I saw him yesterday. He came here to see me.
Yeah, we know that much, Neil. Then what?
Nothing. Told me the president was coming today and made it clear he didn't want to see me around.
Oh, yeah?
What did he have to say about this?
Neil.
Neil, look at me.
You know what I think happened?
I think that Robert saw that you were planning something, you had no choice but to get rid of him.
You killed him, doused him with acid, and buried him in the woods.
Only thing is you got interrupted.
That's when you hit our witness over the head with a shovel, but I'm sure once he gets a good look at you...
No. No, that didn't happen.
Look, I can prove it to you, I swear.
All right, I've had enough of this.
I'm booking you.
Ah, let it go!
Let me go! God!
What the hell?!
That's what I was trying to tell you.
I can't lift my damn shoulders.
Years of digging and they're both shot to hell.
Expect us to believe that? You're a landscaper.
I supervise, okay?
I haven't done the work myself in years.
I couldn't have done this.
(computer beeping)
Uh, Dr. Brennan, perhaps we could postpone this video conference, as I'm still reassembling the victim's skull.
Also I couldn't help but notice.
There seems to be a pirate there with you.
Uh, Angela sent her Reiki healer to help in my recovery.
Pay no attention to him.
By placing my hand next to your temple, I invite the healing and transcendental energy to enter your mind.
Please stop talking.
It only highlights the absurdity of this exercise.
I hate to say it, but you appear to be rosier of cheek.
Yes, I-I am feeling much better.
However, that is not your doing.
It is much more likely the B12 injections, the I.V. line, and the nasal rinse.
Relax. Relax. Shh-shh. Shh-shh-shh.
Uh, Mister... Dr. Fisher, please show me your progress.
Okay, on the sternum, I found a comminuted fracture, which suggests the victim was hit with a blunt force object.
Well, I disagree.
That fracture's much more indicative of a gunshot wound to the chest.
Look at the shape of the indentation.
Uh, it's a pattern I've seen before in gunshot wounds when the victim was wearing a Kevlar vest.
I see.
So the vest stopped the bullet, but the blast force still resulted in a fracture.
While this injury's not fatal, uh, we still should pass on this finding as soon as possible.
Yeah. I'll go ahead and make the call.
I can see you're busy.
Agent Booth.
Yep.
The deputy director of the FBI has spoken to the president.
You're good to go.
Okay, here we go.
Where's Walker?
Conference room.
All righty.
Give me a sitrep, will you?
What'd you and Aubrey find out?
A person of interest that we met with may be in the clear because of a preexisting injury.
Okay, great. Send his, uh, medical record to the lab.
They'll be able to see if his injury's legit.
Booth, I just want you to know it wasn't protocol; it's just personal.
Uh, you're mixing your words. You should get some sleep.
Secondly, I really don't care about getting vetted.
Uh, we got bigger problems.
Lab is saying that your agent was shot directly in the sternum.
But the shot wasn't fatal.
The point is untrained shooters, nine out of ten times, they go for the head.
This guy, he went center mass.
Which means we're looking for a professional.
Dr. Saroyan, I have something of note I'd like to show you.
Just a second.
These are Neil Stockton's MRIs, which confirm the extent of damage he suffered bilaterally on the rotator cuffs.
Based on the severity of damage, I'd say he'd have minimal shoulder flexion and little to no abduction.
Yeah, which means he couldn't have swung that shovel hard enough to knock out the witness.
Mm-mm.
What have you got?
Well, while reassembling the victim's skull, I found an embedded fiber, which I've given to Dr. Hodgins, and I've determined the probable point of impact, a depression fracture at the cranial vertex.
So he was smashed on the top of his head by some kind of blunt force object.
Not exactly.
I also found circular fractures around the foramen magnum.
Any idea what caused these?
I'd say a fall from a great height.
The head impacted first, forcing the skull against the spine.
How high are we talking?
Best estimate, I'd say at least 25 meters.
Have you shown this to Dr. Brennan?
I tried to call, but she didn't pick up.
Which means she either relapsed into sickness, died or is ignoring my calls.
Let's hope she's just ignoring your calls.
Yes, I suppose that's the better alternative.
: 
 these buildings, all in the red dots, are eight-stories high, within a thousand yards of the motorcade.
I'll have my men search these buildings as well.
Well, sir, with all due respect, that's about 2,000 yards away from the motorcade.
There's no line of sight there.
It's not your call, all right?
The president's safety is my job.
Bones, what are you doing here?
: You must be Dr. Brennan.
Uh, well, I was told that you were sick.
You sure you should be here?
Of course.
Uh, here, look at my sputum. It's clear.
There's no sign of infection.
Bones, he doesn't want to see your sputum.
Just put the Kleenex away.
Can you excuse us for a second?
Uh, of course.
Bones, what are you doing here?
Well, I'm here to help, Booth.
No, you're sick.
No, no... (gasps) I'm f...
(sneezes)
Uh, look.
I'm not contagious. It's clear.
Can you just put the snot rag away for now?
Look, I appreciate what you're doing, I really do, but, you know what, just go back to the lab or something.
I can't.
While I'm not contagious, there's still a risk I could contaminate evidence.
Booth, please, I can't sit around and wait.
I need to find a way I can help.
Okay, I got a hunch. Come with me.
(sniffles)
: 
I thought you said you were better.
Uh, no, I said I was not contagious.
There's a difference.
Okay, you know what, this is crazy. You should be home.
No, I disagree.
You and I often do our best when working together.
Also... I wanted to see how you were feeling.
Me? I'm fine.
Unlike you, who are sick.
I wasn't referring to your physical well-being.
Aubrey told me that you were initially blocked from the case because of being of relation to John Wilkes Booth.
Okay, you know what, it's nothing, okay?
What some nutcase relative of mine did a hundred-plus years ago has nothing to do with me, Bones.
(phone ringing)
That's Walker. See if he's got anything.
You got something?
: No. My team searched each and every building we tagged.
We got nothing. Where are you at?
Booth believes that our best bet is to visit the local gun range.
Right, whoever our guy is, he knows he's only gonna get one shot before he's taken out.
Which means he's probably practicing.
I'll get back to you.
Do you need... do you need me to pull over?
No, I'm fine.
So you're looking for someone who's a hell of a shot.
Yeah, somebody who's been out here a lot.
Uh, perhaps someone with military experience.
Someone who has spoken out against the president.
Mm. Sounds like you're looking for Roger.
Served in Desert Storm.
Didn't come back right.
He'll tell you all about it.
(coughing)
(coughing continues)
Ma'am, please, control yourself.
You're distracting my customers.
I'm sorry, but it's not healthy to suppress a post-infectious cough.
(coughing)
(Brennan clears throat)
(coughs)
Better.
So glad to hear it.
Excuse me, ma'am, what about that kid?
Who?
Oh, Travis?
Hmm, I suppose so.
He has been around a lot recently.
And he certainly holds a grudge.
Only thing is he's a terrible shot.
Booth, she's right. He hasn't hit his target once.
That's because he hasn't been aiming for the target.
He's been hitting that tree about a hundred yards behind it.
He's been hitting all those leaves.
He hasn't missed one yet.
Lieutenant Travis Bozwell, that's you, right?
What do you want?
This inquiry is related to an ongoing murder investigation.
Just need to know why you've been spending so much time here at the range recently.
I don't know.
I guess since I've been back, this is the only place that makes sense.
According to these files, you're pretty outspoken towards the president.
Look, all I said was he didn't serve.
And unless you serve, you shouldn't be allowed to send others off to die.
Travis, I know how you feel.
All right? I served.
I was a Ranger.
I saw things that... that still stay with me.
But it gets better.
Look, can I go?
No. We need to know where you were last night.
Specifically between 8:00 p.m. and midnight.
Nowhere.
I was home.
All right.
Fine. Look, we're still gonna have to hold you for 24 hours.
What... Twenty-f...?
Fine.
I got nothing to go back to anyway.
(footsteps approaching)
You found something, Mr. Fisher?
Doctor.
Sorry. Habit.
What have you found, Dr. Fisher?
Well, Dr. Saroyan, I-I found bilateral inferior dislocations as well as crushing microfractures on the humeral heads and along the inferior margins of the glenoid fossae...
Stop. Remember your audience.
Not Dr. Brennan.
Right.
Damage to the shoulders suggests the victim was forced into a confined space after he was killed.
Hmm.
Any idea what kind of space we're talking about?
No.
None whatsoever, but thank you for pointing out the inadequacies of my work.
Dr. Fisher, take a break.
I'll see if Angela can make sense of all of this.
Sure. Whatever.
(exhales)
So the victim's shoulders were crunched postmortem, but nothing else?
No. No damage to the hips, knees or ankles.
Okay. So that means whatever he was shoved into was not only very narrow, but it was also very long.
Hey, so I got the results from the fiber Fisher found embedded in the victim's skull.
It's a two-ply mercerized cotton.
Sounds like a high-quality bedsheet.
Yeah. It's also an exact match for the sheets at the hotel where the victim was staying.
Hold on. Do you have a theory about something?
Yeah, I do.
Look, we know that the fiber was embedded in the skull, right?
It-It's very likely that the sheet was wrapped around the victim before impact.
No, I'm not buying.
If he was wrapped in his own sheet, you're saying the killer murdered a Secret Service agent in a hotel crawling with agents.
Yeah. That's exactly what I'm saying.
Angie, I sent you an e-mail with some photos.
Can you pull that up?
All right.
What are we looking at?
: Right, so this first picture here is of the victim's hotel room.
Now, you can see that it's down the hall from the fire exit and the elevators.
That's a long way to drag a body without anyone noticing.
Exactly.
And we know that the killer didn't use the elevators or the stairs.
Now, can you also call up this, uh, bottom photo from... two from the left.
Right there. Yeah.
: You think he was pushed down the chute?
It was directly across from his room.
Wait, I think Hodgins is onto something.
Take a look.
That explains the postmortem shoulder injuries.
And the bedsheet.
And the fall of 25 meters.
One problem: whoever did this would need to know every inch of that hotel and every move the Secret Service made.
You're right.
Which means we're most likely looking at an inside job.
Another agent within the Secret Service.
: 
Agent Patel, I'm gonna have to ask you to leave.
Agent Roberts' room is now a crime scene, and this is a closed investigation-- FBI only.
You think someone on our team killed him.
Aubrey, come on, I can help.
I know this team better than anyone.
As soon as I have something, I'll let you know as much as I can.
(Hodgins whistles)
Ouch.
She doesn't seem too happy.
So, have we got anything or did I just piss off the Secret Service for nothing?
Sorry, brother, but I am not finding anything in here.
But our guys did find muriatic acid in the pool maintenance room, and the groundkeeper said that he was missing a shovel, so...
You got anything?
Uh, no blood evidence in the bathroom.
Also, no trace of it on the top or the bottom of the laundry chute.
But we did find bleach, which could be proof that blood was cleaned up.
Right. Or it could be there because it's a laundry room.
So, in other words, we have no evidence of foul play whatsoever.
Hold on a second.
We know that there's no evidence at the top of the chute, we know that there's no evidence at the bottom of the chute, but we're pretty confident that the victim was 
 the chute.
Oh, no. I have a bad feeling I know where this is going.
Cam, I got to go in that chute.
No. Look, I agree that we should investigate, but maybe we send someone else; like Aubrey...
What?
...should go.
Okay. (clears throat)
I'm not really a fan of heights or small spaces, but two negatives make a positive, right?
Come-- Cam, it makes more sense that I go.
First of all, my shoulders are more narrow than Aubrey's, okay?
I-I also know what I'm looking for.
And this is the one situation where you don't need working legs.
Okay. Enough. I...
Any other case, and I'd say not a snowball's chance in hell, but given the circumstance...
(sighs)
What do you need?
Booth, you son of a bitch!
Slow down. I need you to calm down.
A closed investigation?!
Calm down.
Now, what the hell are you trying to prove?!
Look, this isn't about me or you.
Do you understand me?
I am just going where this case leads me.
And right now, I need to meet with every agent in your advance team.
No. Not possible.
POTUS flies in an hour.
We got three hours.
Do not question me! You hear?!
Listen to me, all I'm saying is we get a schedule together.
We get the agents in and we get them out as quickly as we can.
Booth, I swear to God, if something happens...
Nothing is going to happen. All right?
But I need to know for sure.
So go and gather your team.
: Okay, this is totally insane.
Relax, Cam, come on, now.
The tech-- he drilled 12 0.9-class screws into this thing, and look at this.
16 gauge impacted aluminized steel.
That thing's gonna hold.
(exhales sharply) Wow.
I am so glad that it's you in there instead of me.
The feeling is mutual, Aubrey.
Okay, so let's go over the game plan.
I want you in and out of there as quick as possible.
I got it.
I'm gonna go down, I'm gonna swab, I'm gonna bag, I'm gonna get the hell out of there.
What about Angela?
Should we call her before we do this?
No.
No.
Okay. Good luck.
Is that a scan of the victim's skull?
Hey, you're here!
You look great.
I told you that my Reiki healer was a miracle worker.
Your healer is a fraud.
His "work" was just one of several remedies I tried simultaneously.
There is no evidence that it had any effect.
Okay.
He told me you asked him to stay for an extra hour.
Well... (scoffs)
I was clearly delirious with fever.
Right.
Sure, sweetie.
What is the simulation you're working on?
The fall down the laundry chute.
I-I took a scan of the victim's skull, but the problem I'm having is no matter how I have the victim land, the result never matches the fracture pattern that Fisher found.
I see.
So either the victim did not fall down the chute, or...
Or what?
The skull was already compromised prior to impact.
Oh, hold there, Aubrey!
Yeah, we got blood.
Which means this is definitely how the body was moved.
Okay, good work.
But our victim's blood won't get us any closer to our killer.
Uh, hold on a second.
I still see something down there, so...
Aubrey, I need you to lower me down about another meter.
(sighs) Okay. But after this, you're going on a diet, okay?
Time to easy up on the carbs.
Seriously? You're giving me advice on diets?
You just need to hit the gym.
Okay, that's good.
Ah...
Okay.
(Hodgins grunting, shifting)
Oh. Bingo.
Looks like it's a piece of bedsheet.
It's got blood on it.
Also some kind of hair and body fluid.
The hair is long, and it's dark.
Actually, it looks jet black.
Probably from a woman.
That could be Agent Patel's.
Okay, good work.
Just bag it and that's enough.
Let's get you back up.
No, no, no, no.
Aubrey, I need you to keep lowering me.
I've still got about six floors to go.
(exhales)
What do you think?
It's your call.
Whoa! Aubrey!
(screams)
: Catch him!
Whoa!
Now pull him up! Pull him up!
: I can't! There's no weight!
Hodgins! Hodgins!
: Hey.
How you doing up there?
Oh, my God.
He's okay.
Okay, hold on!
We're coming down to get you.
Take your time, you know.
I'm just hanging out.
(laughing, grunting)
Agent Patel...
I just got word that we found a hair in Graham Roberts' sheets.
Piece of hair is being tested right now, so you have one chance to come clean.
Were you with him the night that he died?
All right. Yes, I was with him.
And you don't think that's something you probably should have told us?
It wasn't serious. Just an occasional fling.
And we're not allowed to date in the service.
That's quite a secret you've been keeping.
I was protecting my job.
And hiding the fact that you were probably the last person who ever saw him alive.
I didn't think it really mattered.
Yes, we met in his room.
We had s*x.
Then I left.
I don't know who killed him or why.
And I'm guessing that no one can confirm your story.
How dare you.
I didn't kill him.
You had means, you had opportunity.
Plus, you lied to me.
I got to hold you.
No, I need to be there when the president arrives.
You're off the detail.
(door closes)
Agent Coe, you're next. Conference room, come on.
: Hey, Booth, I need my team.
Uh, POTUS moved up his arrival time.
Where's Patel?
Look, she's not going, okay?
I have to hold her. She lied to me.
She was having a relationship with Roberts.
Damn it, Booth, I can't have the president arrive and my best agent here-- you know that!
Fine, all right, you know what? She stays, I go.
What are you talking about?
While the Secret Service is watching out for the president, I'm gonna be watching the Secret Service; you get it?
I'm joining your protective detail.
: Booth, please. I know your mind is set, but I need you to be careful.
Protective detail is an extremely dangerous assignment.
Look, I understand, okay?
Walker even convinced the president, all right, to move the fund-raiser to another hotel.
Well, I don't see how relocating the hotel is going to make this assignment any less dangerous.
Well, think about it-- if somebody's been planning their shot, we move the venue, then the motorcade route...
Forces him to abandon his plan.
I... It's smart.
But it doesn't guarantee your safety.
Bones, I really don't have a choice in the matter, okay?
I got to do this.
I know.
But I need you to come home safe.
I will, all right?
I will.
(crowd cheering)
: Save our jobs!
(cheering continues)
(sirens beeping)
♪ ♪
All right, listen up, the president wants to stop and press the flesh, so get ready.
(cheering continues)
Okay, he's getting out.
Aubrey, you copy?
Copy. How you doing?
What's your gut telling you?
Ah, nothing good.
At least we're close to the hotel in case something happens, right?
(cheering continues)
It's a big crowd, Booth. I don't like it.
Just keep your eyes open.
Copy.
: Ready for Randall!
Ready for Randall!
(chanting, cheering continues)
Look at the concomitant fractures.
This damage to the right temporal bone was inflicted prior to the victim's fall.
I concur.
The concentric fractures from the fall stop when they encounter the damage to the temporal squama.
The temporal squama being a relatively thin area of the skull.
A fact which further points to the killer being highly skilled.
He knew the most vulnerable point at which to strike.
You said Dr. Hodgins found no trace within the wound?
None, which is strange if the killer struck the victim with any kind of weapon.
But not if he struck him with his elbow or his knee.
Oh, God.
Yeah, I-I feel the inadequacy rising up inside of me, which means that obviously you've seen this type of injury before.
Yes, the combatant was a Navy SEAL, and he used the maneuver to kill his would-be captor.
And because the injuries are on the right side of the face, that means the killer is most likely left-hand dominant.
I need to call Booth.
(crowd cheering)
(phone ringing)
: Booth?
Got to be kidding me, Bones.
I'm kind of busy right now.
Whoever killed Agent Roberts is left-handed and has military training.
Likely a Navy SEAL.
Wait a second, Walker was a SEAL.
Okay, thanks. I got to go.
Aubrey, it's Walker, Walker. We got to move now.
Copy that. I got eyes on Walker.
I'm coming.
Something's wrong here. Neil Stockton is here.
Neil Stockton is here.
Where? I don't see him.
I don't see him anywhere. Where?
Lost him.
Booth, I lost him.
Hi. Thanks for coming out.
Appreciate it.
I don't see him.
Where? Where is he?
Hi.
Nice to see you.
Thank you.
Nice to see you.
Down! Down, down, down, down!
(crowd screaming)
(crowd screaming, clamoring)
Move, move, move!
Sir, could you to come with us?!
Go, go, go! Get him in!
Get him in the limo!
Hey, hey, hey, Walker, talk to me.
The president?
He's okay. It's over.
(grunts weakly)
(car doors close, tires screeching)
(sighs)
The president's gonna be all right.
♪ ♪
(exhales)
Hey.
How you holding up?
Ah, not so good.
Had better days, but...
What brings you here?
The White House asked me to perform the autopsy on Brandt Walker.
And I thought you'd want to see this.
I found bruising to his left elbow, suggesting he struck it hard recently against something or someone.
You're saying that he did it?
That he killed his own agent?
(sighs)
When you were with Agent Walker, did you witness him mixing his words?
Any memory loss, paranoia?
Yeah, you know, he would forget things.
He was sometimes overly cautious.
But, I mean, that was his job.
See, I think it was a symptom.
He had a heart condition called patent foramen ovale.
Now, by itself, it's asymptomatic.
But since he was shot in the leg, it formed a blood clot.
And instead of exiting through the heart and lungs, it migrated to his brain.
So you're saying that the-the blood clot caused him to f-forget things and made him paranoid.
Yeah, and if you already noticed this behavior...
Agent Roberts would've seen it as well.
My guess is that Roberts demanded that Walker quit.
Walker's life was his job.
And because of the damage the blood clot caused, I'm sure it made perfect sense to him.
He had to kill Roberts so that he could be there when the president needed him the most.
: 
You went in that chute without telling me?
Sorry.
I also plummeted an entire story before grabbing hold.
: Oh, Hodgins, how I envy you.
You stared death right in the face.
Was she as comely as I imagine?
She was.
I have to say though, I'm actually grateful that I'm in this chair.
You're grateful?
Angie, think about this.
You know me, okay?
No matter what, I was gonna go into that chute, legs or not.
But if I wasn't as strong as I am now, after having months and months of physical therapy...
The old you wouldn't have been strong enough to hold on.
(phone chirps)
Oh. (chuckles)
Sorry. (clears throat)
Ruining the moment and all, but it appears duty calls.
Uh, hey, Fisher, before you go, are you finally going to tell us who it is that you work for?
Now, you know I can't do that.
Oh, there's no need. I've already figured it out.
Uh, come again?
It wasn't that hard.
You were recommended by the Secret Service, so you obviously have a connection to the White House.
You know what, I'd love to sit and talk about it, but I actually do have to go, so...
And you travel extensively with those young, nubile women, so I'm guessing that you're probably a college tutor for the president's daughter.
No. Fisher, seriously?
(laughs)
Look, before I showed up, she was a "C" student, okay?
Now, now, now she is Bs and B-pluses.
She's got one "C," and we're working on that before the finals.
I'm gonna knock that one up as well, okay?
I hate both of you, and-and I'm super depressed that you figured that out.
I'm off my game these days.
Bye.
Here you go.
Booth, I'm so sorry. I feel terrible.
Right, well, you really took a turn for the worse, didn't you?
No, not that. That's not what I mean.
What I mean is that I feel terrible that, after the day you've had, the situation should be reversed.
I should be taking care of you.
(coughing)
No, I'm okay. I'm fine.
Actually, it's better that I'm here, you know, taking care of you.
It helps me, you know... (clears throat) get my mind off of things.
I understand.
But I know how much it weighs on you to take another life.
Whenever you want to talk about it, I'm here.
Always.
Thanks.
But, uh, right now, I'm here to take care of you, so you get better.
So, how about I go get you a cup of that anus tea?
Booth, I've told you before, it's "anise."
Anus, ani--
Come on, I'm joking, okay?
Everyone knows that laughter's the best medicine.
No, penicillin is the best medicine.
It's saved countless millions from infections.
Okay, now what?
You're being funny?
No, I'm being serious.
You'd rather take penicillin over laughter?
That's like saying that you'd take mold over the Stooges.
Penicillin is not a mold.
It's derived from fungi.
Well, okay, well, the Stooges are fun guys.
(barks)
That's not the same thing.
(whooping, barking)
(laughs) Got you laughing.
(coughs) You're gonna make me cough!
(barking)
Hey, Moe! Hey, Moe!
Stop it.
Hey, Moe! Hey, Moe!
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
