 
: Watch out, the ashes might burn you.
 
: It's a big one.
: 
And when we learned to cook is when we became truly human.
Welcome to 
Watch out, your finger!
: 
You know, there are lots of things in modern life we no longer do for ourselves, that we've outsourced to corporations, and we don't watch TV about it.
 I think, is still in there for most of us, and is very, um, powerful.
: I doubt that, uh, tonight's guest needs much introduction.
He's the author of seven best-selling award-winning books, including 
 and most recently, 
In 2010, 
 magazine named him one of the world's 100 most influential people.
From right here in Berkeley, please join me in welcoming Michael Pollan.
Thank you. Thank you very much.
I have to say, I... I didn't ever expect to write a book on cooking.
It wasn't part of my, uh, life goals.
But it ended up being kind of a journey to the soul... to the heart of cooking.
The book was divided into four parts, each of which corresponds to one of the great transformations that we call cooking.
They happen to correspond to the four classical elements, fire, water, air and earth.
Weirdly enough, one of the biggest boons of cooking is it relieves us from the work of chewing... chewing a lot.
It's no wonder they don't get anything done. 
: 
I would go out and spend some days trying to just survive on the chimpanzee fruits.
Uh, the fruits and... and the leaves, as well.
And the short story is, it's totally impossible.
: 
: What you're essentially saying, is that cooking is in our nature, it's baked into our biology at this point.
: Yeah, the astonishing thing is that cooking for us is natural.
Yeah.
And eating raw is unnatural.
Unnatural, yeah.
Yeah.
: 
 because we are biologically adapted to eating our food cooked.
: ...even making it possible to survive.
Look at it. You know, you can see just what a different kind of body shape we got... dealing with here.
I mean, this adult male gorilla is not that different in height from us.
Yeah.
: 
 Homo erectus.
Homo erectus 
 Homo erectus, 
Between increasing the proportion of the food that is actually digested and allowing you to digest it with much less physical work, cooking gives you more energy.
Homo erectus 
 that is somehow adapted to eating relatively soft food.
And cooking--
So less chewing required, and less rigorous chewing required.
Yes.
If you are thinking about human evolution, you're thinking about hunters and gatherers, then cooking is absolutely vital, because, uh, on a raw diet, we have no evidence that anybody actually can survive in the wild.
Humans are really poorly adapted.
If we lost our ability to have fire, we would all die.
The idea, therefore, is that 
 as the first human, evolved when an ape learned to cook.
: 
I started with fire, 'cause that's where cooking begins.
Shall we... commence with the tin foil operation?
Yes.
: Okay, all right. That's good.
We're building an oven, basically, a kind of, you know, simple oven.
But... But I've found that you kind of want a slightly crummy oven.
'Cause if you have some leaks in it, then the air will sort of burble around in there before it gets out.
Turns out, the crummy cheap oven...
It's the way to go.
...is the way to go.
: Gentle.
Yeah.
: Yeah, that's good. Let me just... A little bit closer.
There you go. That's good.
This looks pretty, uh, crazy.
Yeah.
: The redneck spaceship.
: 
 is kind of thrilling.
: 
: Now, you'll be smoked.
You all right. Good one, good one.
: 
It's like healing.
Fire always, for us, is... special.
: Let me talk a bit about fire.
This is how we learnt.
Burn the country to create a burnt area and hunt there after the fire.
We hunt game from the country.
: 
These lessons from the Dreamtime... teach us about the dangers of fire, but also the beauty of fire.
But now we got a... an air rifle, .22, it's easier.
: 
: Yeah, good shot, good shot, good shot.
: 
: We will have a look at another burrow.
Over this way maybe. Have a look.
Must be there in the spinifex.
: Where is its burrow?
: Over here, to the west.
Where is it?
Over there is the burrow and the burrow's head is here.
Big one!
: It's coming out... There, now!
: I got its head.
: Wait, wait.
: Slowly.
: Move your hand slowly, Mum.
Ow!
: All right.
You got to twist this one here.
: Yeah.
Like...
And this one.
And this side.
: That way they can't claw you?
Yeah.
This side.
: Turn it now.
You might take him back to home. Take a picture.
: 
Just being out there, and just being out in the... 
 ...in the homeland.
 This goanna is full of sh1t!
: 
You can't roast a goanna, you know, in an oven.
It's funny taste, but smoking, it's got a smoked smell on it.
You get it out from the fire, it tastes nice.
: Put more wood on the fire.
: 
: We didn't know about non-Martu people's fire.
We had our fire.
Everywhere we burn.
: 
: 
: 
: 
: We kept our fire close to us.
We made fires by rubbing two sticks against each other.
We weren't diabetic back then. We never had any sugar.
We had bush sweets, not sugar.
Sugar made us weak.
We grew up on bush meat.
We learnt how to cook our food with fire and eat.
: 
 The Odyssey 
 The Odyssey, 
: 
As humans, we are halfway between the gods and the animals.
The animals can't cook, um, and the gods love sacrifice.
I think this is not yet meat. This is like a dead animal.
Um, this doesn't... This isn't appetizing.
I mean, you take some imagination to... You know, right?
To look ahead and see, you know, bacon... ham.
I think we should all deal with the fact that when you're eating meat, you're eating a dead animal, and it is... it's consequential.
And I think it's something we should all, kind of, deal with it at some point, don't you?
Yeah, and I think also if you...
You know, if you eat meat like this, you'll find that you probably end up eating less meat, because you find out how good really good meat is.
Should I hold the legs?
Yeah, just... yeah.
: God, he's like a perfect fit.
: All right?
So, wood. Put some over here.
: Yeah.
: We don't want it directly under the flesh.
In America, it's barbecue. Southern barbecue.
 turns out to be in Eastern North Carolina, 
 You put your hand over the stove, what you think she's at?
About 300? 250?
: Yeah, 350, 375.
That's good.
: 
That's cool, man. I like that.
: 
My man.
Oh, it's showtime.
Can you bring that fluid?
You don't really have to film this part if you don't need to.
 I'm cheating right now, 'cause I'm trying to get the fire going fast.
I wanna get it good. Good and hot, baby!
Gettin' it thumpin'.
You got a knife? Yeah.
Oh, the pig is fine.
: Muscles. Ryan.
Need a little help, son.
Y'know, he has youth on his side, so...
We give him a good little... send-off salute.
Now we put him to bed.
See, starting out right. See, she's already puffin'.
When I was cooking with Ed, every time at this moment, before he covered it...
 Mmm-hmm.
...he'd give the thing a nice little pat on the butt.
It's how... His way of thanking the pig.
Okay, ready?
: Okay.
: So, that's coming in tight here.
All right, now, how's it looking?
Oh, the smoke is looking great.
: 
: Is it working?
: Oh, there you go.
Oh, there we go.
: Something happened.
It was asleep.
: 
 but there is so much bullshit involved.
I'm surprised it's not hotter.
: Sometimes the logs will go out and then they just sit there.
Then they're just, like, taking up space.
: 
: Okay, what's that one say, down there?
Can you see that one?
It's, uh...
One ninety-seven.
Yeah, so that's dropping.
That's funny. I thought it was 202.
: That's alarming.
Yeah, well...
Cheers, guys.
Hey, man, only 23 more hours.
: Settle in.
: Oh, yeah.
That's right.
: 
: 
He was really good.
: 
It's sort of like, um...
For me, it's sort of like a rite of passage.
 by someone who mastered the art of pit cooking.
And here it is.
We come from a long line of cooks.
Fire itself is an interesting phenomenon.
We think that wood, for example, burns.
But, technically, wood isn't really doing most of the burning.
If you split fresh cherry wood and smell the core wood, it actually smells like cherries.
We're drawn to, um, certain foods by co-evolution, fruit, in particular.
 
: 
: 
And more complexity usually means more flavor.
: 
: Wipe her down and put more coals on her.
: Let me see.
: Check her out, Ryan.
: So, we wipe her down, so you can really see what it looks like.
Then you can kind of gauge, uh, how far it has to go.
: So are we gonna flip her?
: Yeah, go on and flip her..
: Yeah.
: Oh, yeah.
: Yeah, there we go.
: Ah.
: Oh, yeah, she's getting there.
: Give her a sprinkle.
: Yeah.
: Throw a little vinegar sauce on it.
: Get what I'm sayin'?
: He's pullin' the ribs off.
: Oh, yeah, man.
: Oh, yeah, I gotta look.
: Mmm.
Good pig. Damn good pig.
: 
All right, guys.
: 
 they understand scents and smells and bonding.
There's no other animal that I know of that has that much brain going full-steam when they're born.
Thank you.
Do I have a favorite?
This is Clover right here.
Hey, Clover.
She's moving slow, she's breathing hard, but... she has a lot of pep in her step for an old pig.
You can tell, I mean, she's... she's maybe having a litter a year.
Her old skin... 
Reminds me a lot of my grandmother, who wore a bikini until she was 85. 
You're displaying yourself.
: 
 that I would like to have a pet pig.
And I'd always liked pigs, but I was never interested in a real pig.
But he brought one home one day.
And it was my father's idea to call it Kosher.
Pigs really do eat like pigs.
At the end of the summer, Kosher weighed probably 200 pounds, and we were going back to 89th and Park Avenue, and I didn't know what to do. I had to get rid of this pig.
: 
: 
We put Kosher in the pen with Mona.
Kosher was significantly smaller than Mona.
And, um, it was so fast.
Mona starts chasing Kosher in circles, over and over and over again and Kosher is screaming.
 It's just an instance of, uh... a couple of city boys not really knowing what they were doing with these two animals.
Then we go off in the woods and I hammer together a very rough pen, and by the time we get back, Kosher is lying there, dead, um, and probably had been literally frightened to death and had a heart attack.
So that's the story of Kosher the pig.
: And then, I mean, uh...
 This is not going in the--
We did not eat Kosher.
I know what you're thinking.
No.
It was a pet.
: 
But you can create something that is appreciated by so many other people, and you can do it on a much, uh, larger scale, and actually feed your village, like I try to do here, uh, by having an end game for them.
: 
And to my mind, the dark side of Southern barbecue now is that it's all based on commodity pork.
And that kind of agriculture is something I can support, and I want to support.
: 
I let animals go to become food every week of my life, and sometimes I'm surprised that I do that, but I think people operate all different ways due to their experiences.
But in general, I feel like farming is... uh, a nice way, livestock farming, especially, to, um... live in the present... savor the past and be excited about the future.
When I ask Eliza what pigs I'm getting, I ask what breeds I'm getting and try and sort of figure out how we're gonna break 'em down according to that.
 "Take that same money and spend that at a butcher shop or a farmers' market or anywhere else and I guarantee you, you're gonna get a whole lot more meals, you're gonna get a lot healthier food, and you're just gonna get better food."
: 
: 
: 
: I fried 'em, baby.
: You sliced 'em up, and...
: Yeah.
: Real thin and you went and fried 'em in a cast-iron skillet?
That's right.
What do you eat a pig's liver with?
Rice and gaby.
Gaby? Go ahead and... I ain't never heard of that now.
: That's the roux from the... from your flour.
: From the flour... Oh, yeah.
After you fry it, you--
Yeah.
Okay, and then you make a pan gravy out of it.
Yeah, a pan gaby.
Gaby?
Yeah.
I never heard it called "gaby" before.
Yeah, I understand.
So you do it using French techniques, you don't even know it.
Yeah.
And my grandpa would say, "Ain't the gaby good?"
: "Ain't the gaby..."
But, oh, boy, that gives you a whole lot of good eating right there, man.
Nothing goes to waste.
: From the rooter to the tooter.
From the rooter to the tooter.
That's what makes it so good.
: It's still only 4:30.
That'll settle any argument. Guarantee it. 
Then you go in there, and you look, and...
: 
: 
 barbecuing, and, of course, my experience in going to Vietnam.
People are at their best when, um...
I guess, when they realize that they are... they really are connected.
: Y'all hear that bubblin'?
: Almost sounds like running water.
: Yeah, sounds like a brook.
A stream.
: 
And once we got the pig on, um... then we'd start the male rituals, singin' some songs, and... and tellin' lies and jokes, and...
We started passing around the moonshine.
I took it upon myself, because I wanted to be a big boy.
I started tending the fires myself.
And so, uh, my father... Grandfather ran over there and he... lifted up the lid and looked at it.
It was a beautiful, caramel golden-brown pig, perfectly cooked.
And so he says, "Who cooked this pig?"
You know, and started looking around at everybody, and everybody was still sort of dazed and said, "Well, you know..." 
And they... they didn't do it, and so he looked at me.
He says... Called me Roy. He says, "Did you cook this pig?"
I says... I was afraid to say yes 
 because I didn't have any business doing it, but then again, I said, "Yes."
He said, "Come here."
And so I really thought I was gonna get... get really blown out... but he got the moonshine jug and... poured a little bit in a glass and gave it to me.
And I had my first drink of moonshine.
He said, "If you big enough to cook a pig," you know, "You big enough to take a little drink with us."
And that was so... I thought I was on heaven at that time.
Oh, this is nice.
: Okay, bring it.
We'll go in, and... Yeah, that's good.
Okay.
We made our own fire, just like this one here.
When the wood burns, we add more.
We cooked until the morning. No sleep, keep the fire going.
When it rained, we kept the fire going.
: The next day, we start preparing and get it out of the fire ready to eat.
: 
And to... to throw them overboard, wholesale, is very often to lose things that are critical to our well-being.
: 
 around our food culture is... is reconnect to its sources.
It doesn't mean turning back the clock and... and living as hunter-gatherers again.
It means looking at traditions for what they still have to offer.
: 
And, I don't know about you, but to me, that's my least proud identity.
Mmm.
It's gonna be good.
: All we need is someone to eat.
Come on in.
That's the oven.
: Wait, that's it?
: That's the spaceship.
: Hey, how are you?
And we can, uh, unveil, I guess.
: Good to go.
Set it right here.
: Here we go.
: All right, all done.
I gotta convert you guys.
: Mmm.
We'll have some tastes in a minute.
: Yeah, in a minute.
There's one person, who claims she was a vegetarian, but she's experimenting with meat tonight. 
I wanna give you a special piece, here.
: We should sign a waiver or something.
: 
: She nods.
Whoa.
That is really, really good.
That's way more delicious than I thought.
Wow!
: How's that skin? I hear it crunchin'.
: Take it home, baby.
: Mmm.
: That's Eastern North Carolina style.
: Let the old man have it for a minute.
: 
I want to resist that.
I think that's something worth fighting against.
: So, dinner is served.
Enjoy!
Cucumber and strawberries are under there.
: Ed, you want a plate? Thank you, sir.
: Well, this is some damn good barbecue.
So, thank you very much.
: Mmm-hmm.
: 
 
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
