: 
But of all the different transformations we call cooking, I think fermentation is the most miraculous and the most mysterious.
You know, I don't think people realize as they walk through the supermarket, or, indeed, into the far reaches of their own refrigerator, 
A third of the food in our diet are fermented.
In most cases, we have no idea.
: 
: 
 but one of the most desirable and probably earliest ferments is the fermentation of, uh... of alcoholic beverages.
I mean, people have been questing for alcohol 
And you need sugar water, essentially.
And there are ways of doing it, still common in the Amazon, that are ingenious.
: 
 that break starches down into sugars.
 And if you try to prepare masato by just crushing the yuca, and not chewing it, it will not mature well.
It smells so bad you cannot drink it.
On the other hand, when it is chewed, you get a tasty masato.
Chewing will ferment it.
 I wonder how our grandmothers figured out how to do this.
: 
: 
 long before they understood how it worked.
I mean, that they were learning how to corral and direct 
It's this cold fire that can transform things, from one state into a very different other.
You know, it's generally assumed that the creation or discovery of agriculture was about feeding us, it was about food.
Um, but it may well be that it was about alcohol, uh, and there is a "beer before bread" hypothesis held by some anthropologists that suggests that the real motivation for settling down and growing grain 
 that you could make alcohol from would be very appealing.
And there is some circumstantial evidence to suggest that it may have been alcohol that came first.
 when I was starting to learn about fermentation, and we did it from kits that we bought at the brew store and that was great and we made beer and it was drinkable.
: This is crystal 16, crystal 120.
And when we mash it, it's getting the sugar out of this.
: Mmm-hmm.
That's what we're gonna be doing.
This is a barley mill, known as the barley crusher...
: 
 amateur brewer.
There you go.
So, basically we're trying to boil all the sugars and flavor out of this, right?
: Yeah.
So, you want the right amount of water in there.
Too little and it's too thick, but if you have too much water, it's too thin and the enzymes get diluted and they don't do their work.
And if you taste this now... it's sweet.
: Yep.
But in an hour, it'll be really sweet.
This is so much more intricate than how Isaac and I started out.
Remember when we started? We did it in the kitchen.
It was like the Duncan Hines of beer-making.
Well, it was funny, because when we were doing it... we'd never, you know, we'd never done it before and we didn't know what to expect. And we were just, like... banging pipes together... 
 ...and funneling liquids through other liquids, and cooling things down and heating them up and cooling them down again.
But then, the moment when we were like, "Oh, we actually..."
Like, "This might work a little bit..."
Was the next morning when we go down and look at the carboy 
: 
 is really kind of appropriate.
So, if you look closely, you can actually see the bubbles forming, you can see them coming up to the surface.
It really is a lot of very tiny little bubbles.
You know, this will continue until the sugar is used up.
The yeast's taking that sugar and turning it into alcohol, which we want...
: 
 how else would you explain that as a gift from the gods?
And which, indeed, we thought it was.
Dionysus is the god of fermentation, not just alcohol, but of this whole process of transformation.
And we think of it as this Western candy that, you know, is ours.
But in fact, it's the product of this rotten bean from the Amazon.
 This fruit is about two months old.
It will be ripe in the fifth month.
This is a cacao tree that's just been harvested.
And we're selecting the ripe ones.
This is how you open a cacao.
: 
 uh, an amazing transformation will take place.
: 
Then on day two, we can see that the mass... the mass is no longer cold.
We're talking four degrees more than the first day.
On the fourth day, the mass has to reach 50 degrees.
This means it has reached the optimal fermentation to start the drying process.
: 
 but of course they were very important before we had refrigeration.
The way you kept food was...
You had a few techniques, but the main one was you fermented it.
That's how you got through the winter. You fermented food in the fall.
Um, and so the taste of this food was secondary at the beginning.
And in Korea, people in the fall will take their harvest of cabbages 
I mean, it made the flavors stronger and more appealing, at least to Koreans.
Uh, but it also changed the nutrients.
And we have the bacteria to thank for that.
You can't talk about fermentation without looking at the phenomenon of disgust, and, um, a great many ferments are disgusting, at least to one culture.
: Stinky tofu with thousand-year-old egg salad.
Oh.
: This is an amazing delicacy from Iceland.
It's basically rotten shark.
Now, one, two, three.
Yeah, watch the American guy eat the fermented shark.
Oh, man.
This is probably the single worst thing I have ever put in my mouth.
It seems to me that fermented foods are one of the ways we build cultural identity.
"We're the people who like this food." And it's always an acquired taste.
These are not like the taste of sugar or salt.
This is the taste of decay.
 you don't have to add any microbes. They're there.
: 
So, just like a log rotting in a forest is being broken down by the microbes slowly over time, 
: 
They're studying the ecology of the cheese rind.
: 
Kimchi has a slightly different set of microbes than the cheese we were looking at.
So, we're gonna take a little bit of this juice from the kimchi and try and get a look at it under the microscope.
It's a wonderland of...
Ah!
...lactic acid bacteria.
I love it.
: Probably some kind of plant cell, or maybe even some of the spices that were added, and then all these small little rods that are floating by, um, those are the bacteria, the lactic acid bacteria.
: So here's another cluster with a lot of plant material and...
: Excellent.
: ...red pepper, oils.
It's just amazing, this whole world that is alive in the food.
: These are microbes that originated in a farm field.
: Yeah.
: And you're eating them. You're amplifying them.
It's like you're photocopying them, growing them up over and over again as you create this environment, and then you eat them.
Yeah.
So, you know, this is a native, amazing process that happens and has been happening for hundreds of years.
: Yeah.
: 
 caused by certain bad bacteria.
 was how much I came to love bacteria 
And fungi to some extent.
 in learning to love bacteria, was Sister Noella.
: 
: 
 and I have a doctorate in microbiology.
: 
 "or a et labora," pray and work.
: Come on, let's move up.
Come on.
Come on, Firelily.
: 
This is Bethlehem cheese and it's about ten days old, and we're looking at these fungi.
: 
What I'm doing right now is making a wet mount.
It's a quick way to look at... especially fungi.
But for me... and I think for many of us, as Benedictines, in seeing creation the way we do, 
Then I stand back. I'm not afraid of science.
I stand back in wonder at this creator.
We are separated, but we are not closed off.
Come on, girls!
Come on.
: 
So for me...
I fell in love with a cow named Sheba, 
: 
: This is starting to cool off on top, you know?
: Yeah.
: So I think we should add some more water.
: You have to have a surprisingly tough body for it.
I mean, I do all kinds of things that would be considered... huge, hard labor, but then this is actually...
It takes a lot more of a certain kind of strength of the body.
: 
: Michael Pollan, he did very well.
We weren't too hard on him.
He has bigger hands, too.
But I think he saw that it was labor-intensive.
 
We were trying different cheeses in our dairy, from a book, and we really weren't happy with them.
Two days later, a young French woman came.
Her name is Lydie Zawislak and she was from the Auvergne.
 "Keep it like the cow's body." That's what she told me.
What amazed me is that you can pick it up. This was liquid milk a few hours ago.
: 
 and says, "We've got to shut you down.
You can't make cheese in wooden barrels."
 because bacteria can hide in wood.
Stainless steel, you love stainless steel.
But this recipe said use wood and raw milk in the cheese, 
 which can be dangerous if it's not handled properly.
If you're gonna make cheese, you have one of two options to assure its safety.
Number one, you can either pasteurize the milk intended for cheese-making, or you can age the cheese that you make for 60 days.
: 
 I did refuse to try it.
Looking back on that now, how rude of me, but, um, but again, you know, I was worried about listeria and that surely looked like a cheese that could harbor 
: 
 Listeria monocytogenes 
It was in a soft Mexican cheese... and what had happened was some raw milk was added to pasteurized milk.
 had to go to each place and see what are they doing in these dairies.
: 
 "Oh, the milk went sour."
I'm talking about some really nasty pathogens.
: 
Pasteur showed that heat would kill these microorganisms, and that's the basis of pasteurization.
: 
: 
When you take enormous care, you can have unpasteurized milk that's perfectly safe, and there's people who argue it's better.
France firmly believes the best way to assure the safety of food products is very strict hygiene.
And so, when you go to France and you watch cheese-making, and you go into processing plants, they're meticulous.
You know, the French understand, number one, if you want to make a good-quality safe cheese, you have to start from the best milk possible.
What do we do here in the United States?
Well, milk that doesn't meet the standards to be pasteurized to go into fluid is called "manufacturing-grade milk," which is destined for cheese-making.
So, just a totally different approach.
: 
Pasteurization is not a panacea for food safety.
 the state inspectors, they saw that we had a wooden barrel and they wanted us to replace it with a stainless steel barrel, which we did.
 E. coli 
And as one of her class projects, she does an experiment for the health inspector.
And she gets a batch of milk, um, from her cows, raw milk, and she puts half of it in the wooden barrel and she puts half of it in a stainless steel vat.
And something really remarkable happens.
We were surprised to see that, um, in the cheese made in this little wooden vat, the 
 went down... and in the stainless steel it just stayed the same.
We're not gonna see bacteria, of course, because they're just too small.
But we get an idea of the texture.
You can tell that there's a lot going on there.
: 
 E. coli.
So, this kind of folk recipe, using this wooden barrel, was actually making the milk safer.
And that, in a sense, the people of the Auvergne for hundreds of years have been practicing a kind of folk microbiology, uh, learned strictly by trial and error.
Um, and, um... 
The health inspector was convinced and he backed off, and she continues to make her milk in this wooden barrel.
: 
: 
 can lead to this huge diversity in flavor, in texture, in aroma, in appearance that you have in the wide world of cheese.
: 
 and that becomes a bloomy rind cheese.
This cheese is made from pasteurized cow's milk and the name "bloomy" comes from the fact that as this fungus, 
 grows during the aging process, it blooms, it becomes really fluffy, and the cheesemaker actually has to pick it up and pat it down, um, throughout the process to control the growth.
Another thing you can do is you can wash the surface of the cheese.
As the cheese is aging, it's washed repeatedly over and over again with a salt solution, usually about two times a week, depending on the cheese.
And it creates this very disturbed, sort of constantly mixed system that encourages the growth of these particular microbes.
: Often with these cheeses, you actually get the cheese kind of liquefying, because all of the protein is being completely digested inside the cheese.
: And that's happening right there.
: Yeah, so it's, like, super ooey-gooey.
The final thing that you can do is not a whole lot.
You sort of just let the cheese sit on a shelf, 
: 
This is alive.
So, it's hard to control and it's going to be the environment that controls it.
So, you have to spend a lot of time observing, smelling.
And I smell, by the way. 
You just have to smell everything.
 especially a cheese that has 
You don't really want to talk about what cheese reminds you of because it reminds you of these earthy places even in our own bodies.
The bacteria that makes a stinky cheese stinky is in the same family as the bacteria that is between your toes or under your, in your armpits.
Um, it's 
So, when people talk about, um...
You know, the French describe...
 They love stinky cheeses, and they say that it has the smell of 
 you know, "the feet of God," which is a weird way to compliment something, you know.
"It smells like foot odor, but foot odor of a really exalted kind." 
That's what they're saying. Um...
It's not an accident.
 B. linens, 
Cheese reconnects us with a very earthy side of life, and about decay and decomposition.
It's this sense that we're eating decomposition, break-down products. You could call it death.
To me, it's a taste of that, but a promise of something delicious.
So, I think it's almost a subconscious way of being prepared for death and facing our own mortality.
And for me, that analogy of... really, a death, a decomposition... creating this wonderful flavor, it's a promise of something better.
 when I look at cheese, when I smell cheese, and when then I look at the microbial ecology of cheese.
That's the wonder for me, that it's a promise of life beyond death.
What I'm doing right now is just...
I'm looking directly at the surface of the cheese using a portable, handheld microscope.
 using an electron microscope, 
So, on the left screen, we're looking at images from my light microscope, magnified 40x.
And on the right, we're looking at images we obtained with our study using an electron microscope.
: 
And then, during that process, it's not just happy interactions.
It's war and peace on these cheese rinds.
: 
 
 to allow you to form a complex ecosystem, we can do that on a much shorter timescale.
: 
: 
: 
: 
 can be very difficult to grow outside of the human body.
: 
 and also what they can do.
: 
But I think it's safe to say we've kind of gone overboard in the war on bacteria, 
: 
 but they also completely disrupt our microbial ecosystem, um, in the human body.
: 
 or also reintroduce it through foods and then other techniques?
: 
The French just published a paper describing potential designer cheeses, 
So, you can imagine this is sort of the future we're going, in terms of thinking about the link between food microbiomes and our human microbiome.
: 
 that we have to think about not just feeding our cells, but feeding all those other cells that we move through life together with.
The food chain is so long and so opaque, and kimchi comes in a jar, 
 learning how to transform the gifts of nature 
And that's what cooking is.
: Smells really good, eh?
: It sure does.
All right, so...
: Cheers!
To Mama's Boy, as Isaac has labeled the beer.
Oh, is that Mama's Boy?
Yeah, I think so.
What do you think?
I like it, I like it.
Good.
Cheers. To Mama's Boys.
: 
"As you can gather by now, I think that, um... to cook or not to cook is a consequential question.
"...even these modest acts will constitute a kind of vote.
Thank you, dear.
Okay.
Have a nice day.
Thank you.
"Against the total rationalization of life.
Against the infiltration of commercial interest 
 from the corporations seeking to organize our every waking moment 
Oh, yeah, man.
: Oh, yeah.
: 
: 
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
