: 
And it was, for most people, for most of history, just given you have to cook if you wanna eat.
This is more important than people realize.
: 
And that way of eating is part of a daily ritual.
: What would you like to have today?
: Uh...
Same what I made.
Couple of dosas.
Dosas. How many you want?
And, uh... Two of them.
: You want to have chutney as well?
: Sure. Sure, why not?
: 
It is traditional. It takes long time to cook.
A lot of effort goes into it.
This is coconut.
Coconut items are to be ground.
Add a little water.
Now I will extract milk out of it.
My mother did this. That is how I learned.
 so that when they get married and when they have their own family, it is not very difficult for them to feed their husbands.
So, naturally, we have the concept of having a proper meal in the house.
: 
Every part of India has a different ecosystem.
 and we built a whole culture of food around it.
: This is the coconut milk gravy where you can dip those pancakes and eat.
Here, we don't grind tomatoes, onions. We grind coconut.
This culture of food is also very high in nutrition and medicinal value.
: This is star anise. It is a good antiseptic.
This is mustard seed. This controls your gas.
The link between food and nature, nutrition and nature...
 so that the tapestry of taste together is critical.
Thank you, dear.
Okay.
Have a nice day.
Thank you.
So are we doing a fine mirepoix or a chunky?
I don't think it needs to be too fine.
Maybe, like, about that big.
Oh, that's easy.
: I'm so accustomed to you, like...
: Forcing you to go smaller.
Dissing my chunky mirepoix.
: 
 somebody who could teach me how to make a beautiful braise, make stews, make soups.
So we turned the tables.
I had been her teacher on writing and she became my teacher on cooking.
: One of the first things I taught Michael and I teach anyone who cooks... we're taking the things that aren't immediately delicious and working flavor into them to make them delicious and nutritious and transform them into something really great.
We're just gonna make a simple braise.
The most traditional way to do that is to start with onions.
Such a good source of sweetness.
Sweetness.
In France, it's called mirepoix.
You add celery and carrots.
In Italy, you chop it really, really fine, and it's called soffritto.
: So this is the beginning of combining flavors in geographically distinct ways.
Meat cooked over fire, you can't tell where you are in the world.
It's one food, right? It's a pig and some salt.
So this is more complicated, this is more advanced.
: Oh, look, yours is smaller than mine.
Oh, those are--
Those are crude. Ew!
Oh. 
: Mine are too big.
: And it already smells good. That's what's so crazy about onions.
You cook an onion and your house smells like you're cooking.
I know, that's really true.
You're cooking now.
: 
So fired clay pottery that has that kind of strength, it doesn't come along till about 10,000 years ago.
You can mix the flavors of plants with meat.
: By browning the meat and adding the brown meat to the stew, you're adding sweetness. There's acidity.
: 
What about the garlic cloves? Wait?
: I think the garlic, we can...
They can go?
: ...leave in whole. Yeah, let it soften a little bit.
: 
: Oh, that smells great.
And the stems are good, right? Most people throw out the stems.
: Yeah, for this, it's perfect. Yeah.
: 
And suddenly, you have the birth of cuisine.
: So the formula's liquid, meat and vegetables is really what makes it delicious.
And then we'll just put it in the oven on low.
It's all about giving it the gentle heat it needs.
And the lower and slower you cook it, the better it will taste.
The more tender and luscious and, like, melt-in-your-mouth rich, velvety yumminess.
Yeah. Right?
Yeah, exactly.
So, shall we put this in? Okay.
Yeah, let's do it.
: 
: 
 it's all about time.
And that's where I think this kind of cooking really came from was...
You know, the grandma cooking, the 
 the idea of, like, taking the humble ingredients and really using skill to turn it. And time.
Yeah.
And that's a really important lesson of cooking, is time.
And that's the thing that... most of us have lost the ability to do.
I mean, we want everything to be instant.
And we feel in a complete panic about time, that we don't have enough time, we're too busy.
: 
: 
You'd be hard-pressed to find anything that says, "In the bigger trend, we are spending more time, more effort in the kitchen."
The future of eating, throughout humankind, is, "Who will do the cooking?"
It always follows that question.
"Who will do the cooking?" And the answer, since the days back in the fire pits of Mesopotamia, has always been the same.
And you know what that answer is?
"Not me."
The preparation part is a job.
Somebody's gotta buy that food, somebody's got to store that food, somebody's got to prepare that food.
So it's that task that has changed the most, 'cause it's work.
 places that used to fix my car today aren't fixing cars, 
There's only one group here who's going to cook more... and that's food service.
Because they're being paid to cook more.
They're gonna find a way to feed you as easy, as cheaply as possible.
: 
 The Wall Street Journal, 
But how can you continue to eat wholesome, home-cooked food in such a world?
: 
And Indians are the least likely to succumb to Western food.
: 
: 
If circumstances require me to work, then so be it.
: 
: 
 and I earn $79 a month.
: 
 Keep these tiffins at one side now.
Start filling them now, I'll give you everything.
: What else needs to be added? Chapatis?
: Yes. Fill them with chapatis.
: These?
: Yes, put four chapatis in each.
Open the tiffin. Fill it properly.
Where is the dabbawala?
 How many tiffins are there today?
Only four.
Which ones? Yari Road?
Yes. The tiffin for Yari Road is there.
Rice, salad, lentils.
This one is done.
You know, Dad, it's funny.
What's funny?
Well, whenever we cook inside, Mom always does the cooking.
But whenever we cook outside, you always do it. How come?
Well, it's sort of traditional, I guess.
Uh, you know, they say a woman's place is in the home, and, uh... I suppose as long as she's in the home, she might as well be in the kitchen.
: 
There was a very clear division of labor.
And even in many traditional societies, where... men are out there hunting, women are doing the cooking.
By '50s America, in particular, and this is true elsewhere in the world, too, you no longer had these extended families, and it was a nuclear family and women were marooned in the kitchen alone for a lot of the time and a lot of the day.
The typical way the story is told, which I think is too simple, is that, uh, the feminist revolution came, women went to work and they stopped cooking.
And that was the end of cooking in America.
: 
 they had to get their product into people's kitchens and then they had to get them used in a lot of different ways.
So you could sell someone a can of soup, fine.
But how much better to sell them a can of soup that was not only soup for lunch, but soup for a casserole, soup for breakfast, soup for a salad dressing.
So the idea was to use these products in all kinds of ways that would just get you buying them more and more.
 or you could put it in the coleslaw, or you could pour it over the roast.
That was the difference between frozen fruit salad as dessert and frozen fruit salad as an accompaniment to dinner.
There's nothing that says luncheon and there's nothing that says harvest, but that was the title of this little recipe.
: 
 which is hyper-processed or ultra-processed food.
This is food that's just ready to eat, completely cooked.
: 
: 
 that life at home was this constant state of panic.
: 
: 
: 
: 
 "This is better than you could make at home."
I make beef soup, I cut the beef and vegetables into nice, big chunks.
When Campbell's makes chunky beef soup, we cut the beef and vegetables into nice, big chunks.
A moment comes in the '60s and '70s.
: 
There needed to be, it was clear, uh, a new division of labor in the household.
There were a lot of fights about this and a lot of readjustments happened.
But before we could kind of complete that renegotiation, the food industry very aggressively steps forward and says, "Stop arguing, we've got you covered.
We'll do the cooking."
So everybody sees this as the solution and gravitates toward more and more processed food and fast food.
And that ushers in the situation we're in now, where you have an industry that is deliberately trying to undermine cooking as an everyday practice and does a lot to convince us it's really hard, really time-consuming, really messy, and you'd be so much better off letting us cook for you.
: 
Their business model depends on getting the cheapest possible raw ingredient and making it as attractive as they can without spending a lot of money.
And the way you do that is by deploying lots of salt, fat, and sugar.
 you get these spikes of energy, of blood sugar, uh, and then the crash, and you need more carbohydrates to keep it up.
You see this with people who drink a lot of soda.
Um, they get into an addictive pattern with it.
Diabetes in America is up to 8% of the population and Type 2 diabetes, which used to be called adult-onset diabetes, now is afflicting children.
In 1980, you could not find a child with Type 2 diabetes.
And just like cigarettes, just like pesticides, when people wake up... to the problems of these products, the industry turns away and sells them to the developing world.
: 
 in India alone.
: 
: 
: 
What's two-six-three?
: Ginger.
: Eight-six-zero?
: Cheese.
: 
: 
It can be chef's recipe.
He can create anything with the fresh, raw material.
: 
So, first we capture the flavor from here.
We take the kabob, we skewer it, and then we just put it inside.
And after we do that, we have the flavor of the chicken tikka, so we know how to make this.
We'll do the tasting of the chicken tikka, then we'll taste our product, and we'll see what is the gap.
Definitely, there is a little bit gap, and we have to fill that gap.
All the presentations are modern, but the stuff that we eat inside is traditional.
It's very, very traditional.
So that's how we re-create our stuff.
: 
 people cooking traditional foods at home, uh, is an obstacle...
 to selling more of their product.
They have a vested interest in destroying food culture and food traditions and getting people to eat the stuff they've gotten good at making.
: 
: All set.
Okay.
: 
This is our standard one without fortification and then these are the same versions but different fortifications.
But at the same time, in addition to fortification, it has to taste the same because consumer doesn't want to compromise on the... on the taste.
You cannot just add iron and bring metallic taste, so it has to match to the reference also.
: 
My job here is to translate from fresh to industrial by bringing the culinary element into it.
 and the interaction between the ingredients to... to bring that product to, uh, the customer.
I think we are producing the best of today.
Tomorrow, if the technology evolves, the knowledge evolves, maybe we can make a noodle which is only good for you.
A very personalized noodle, you know? 
In my country, that variety of food is growing enormously.
That's not small for a country like India.
And that's the way it is sold to us.
Pepsi!
: Oh, yes, 
Hello.
Hi, baby. How are you?
: Have you eaten something?
: No, I did not.
Tell me what you want to eat.
Did you cook something or should we order?
Order something.
Should we eat KFC?
KFC? Why not?
: 
: 
Obviously, they are hungry. They want to eat something.
I don't have time to cook.
That's why we order.
Chicken burger?
Okay, sure. I'll eat a burger.
Okay.
: 
If it were up to them, they would order food every day.
Even if we've made food at home, my son asks if we can order delivery.
It's only when we insist, that they will eat home-cooked food.
Otherwise, they would eat take-out every day.
We used to eat, uh... mostly home food, what my mother used to cook.
If you always eat take-out, then it becomes a habit.
We worry about health issues, but it seems to be the growing trend.
That's the thing.
The young in India, they will tell you what pasta is all about.
They can tell you what a burger is all about.
But they will have no idea about mustard oil.
They will have no idea about coconut oil.
Once you have changed people's taste buds, you've changed the way they eat.
It's difficult to turn it around.
: 
: 
There is an economist at Harvard, uh, David Cutler, who analyzed, um, rates of obesity and rates of cooking and found that as amount of time we spent cooking went down, obesity went up.
: You want?
: 
In other words, as you can eat food without putting time into getting it, you eat more of it.
And lo and behold, we're a lot heavier.
That's why I love Harry Balzer's, uh, piece of advice. He says...
Eat anything you want. Enjoy all of your food.
Anything you want. You want apple pie?
Have a whole apple pie tonight.
You wanna have cookies with that apple pie?
And ice cream with that apple pie?
I'll allow you to eat all the cookies, all the ice cream, and all the pie you can have tonight.
I'm just gonna ask you to do one thing.
Make all of them.
Make the apple pie, make the ice cream, make the cookies.
And you know what I know is gonna happen?
You're not having apple pie, ice cream or cookies tonight.
That little rule will keep you from eating a lot of junk, because you're gonna do what most people do, which is buy the best-quality raw ingredients you can afford and cook it as simply as possible.
: Do you want it diced, or can I just mince it?
It doesn't have to be really tiny. Yeah, that's fine.
What you got there is fine.
These are really sharp onions. It's gonna hurt your eyes.
: You're gonna be good.
They've got to manufacture, like, onion goggles.
: That's a very good idea, actually.
: 
 we need to bring our kids back into the kitchen.
Check out this carrot from the garden. It's really good.
: Not amazing.
: Not amazing?
: I do enjoy cooking in the kitchen, though.
When you eat it, you just feel, like, proud of what you've made.
Like a piece of art, except it's in your stomach in a little bit.
Most art doesn't end up in your stomach.
: We learn a lot about cooking from growing up in the kitchen.
Will you give it a stir?
Mmm-hmm.
: Did you put in the sage and a little thyme?
: Yeah, I did.
: 
I come from old Delhi.
And I have a tradition of cooking which has come down from my grandmother to my mother and now to me.
: I have one of your favorite things to put in there.
Oh, nice.
: 
 I've actually lost knowledge.
And how much more unfortunate can a society get when it loses its most basic knowledge, 
That's a good smell.
: 
 if you have a limited amount of money and you're going into the supermarket, you will find yourself gravitating to the middle aisles where all the processed food is and staying away from the produce section.
Um, and the reason is that over the last several decades, produce has gotten a lot more expensive and processed food has not.
So, if you've got a dollar to spend, you're gonna gravitate to those middle aisles, and you're going to buy chips or cookies, you're going to get as many calories as you can for a dollar.
And that's the system we've designed.
And the problem with this is, the world's poor cannot afford to deal with the health problems that will come with that food.
They can't afford the stomach stapling, and they can't afford the dialysis centers or the insulin shots, um, but that's where we're going.
Why does organic have to be more expensive?
Why does food which is grown with healthier options have to be only the food of the very, uh, rich?
It has to be the right of everybody.
: This is chicken nihari.
It's for 1,200 people.
Mint.
This is turmeric.
This is cumin.
: 
: 
 Syedna Aali Qadr Mufaddal Saifuddin.
: 
 who weren't getting a proper home-cooked meal.
: 
: 
There is no class system. We are all equal.
: 
 
: 
 We are using fresh only.
: 
Just to follow the principle correctly.
: 
Normally, we concentrate on chapatis.
: 
: 
But if she is free from her household chores, she might have time to go out and earn a living.
: 
: 
 
 I have done my Home Science B.Sc. in Meal Management.
Now, those skills, I am using in this kitchen.
: 
: 
 
 
 This is the concept and the most important thing.
: 
Smells good.
: 
 industry doesn't feed us, nature feeds us.
And that was one of the great secrets.
: Let's see here.
Wow.
: Ooh, hot!
Mmm.
So tender.
Good.
: So good.
And it only took like...
This was fast, too. 
...three and a half hours.
Three and a half hours.
Yeah. 
I don't wanna lecture people into the kitchen.
Hi! How are you?
: 
That's what brought me into the kitchen.
It's okay. You go first.
Okay.
Thank you.
: 
: What kind of beans are these?
: They're cranberry beans, fresh beans.
They're not dried. They're really good.
 and cooking because it's satisfying, not because you have to.
: 
It doesn't mean it will always be a perfect organic meal, it just means it's gonna be real food.
Everybody, dessert is served.
: 
That it is important enough to us, pleasurable enough to us, necessary enough to our health and to our happiness.
: Mmm.
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
