: Previously on Escape the Night.
I hosted a party at my estate which only exists in the year 1920.
There, a friend was murdered by the evil force that haunts it.
What the heck is going on?
He said he was poisoned!
: We now have to recover four mysterious artifacts if we want to get back to 2016.
Please don't do this, please!
Shut up.
We didn't do anything!
Shut up, I need, I need to think!
It's time.
No, no!
No, no, no!
We'll need more.
The machine needs to be recharged.
It requires more electricity than a small city.
Try using this.
Once I place the object in the machine, it may be impossible to retrieve.
It's better that way.
Boom, the car blows up and you see this guy...
: Loud, cracking noise, everybody screams.
What if we actually were in that car?
: Oh sh1t!
We have to leave!
Oh my god.
Okay, what just happened?
: Need some help?
: I don't understand what just happened.
I can't believe it!
Wait a sec, was that the driver?
Yes, he's just laying on the ground!
Literally right outside.
I'm not getting near that car at all!
We're stuck.
People are going to die, and all I'm thinking about is I need to make sure that it isn't me.
Here's the thing, I'm trying to get back to 2016.
We've got to find the four artifacts, or we can't go home.
That's really what it comes down to.
Well somebody's gonna die.
Maybe we could just decide who gon' die.
No, oh my god!
She wants to kill us!
People are going to die, regardless.
It said that we have to vote people in to who's gonna do the challenges.
I wanna get the hell out of here.
I don't know about you guys, but I haven't checked my email in like 48 hours.
What do we know?
Okay, well we know from Shane's pocket that that symbol that was on that square is what's gonna lead us to our next clue.
So we got to look for more of those symbols throughout the house.
Oh what?
My wallet was in the car!
Okay, you know what?
I think that we should just like start looking now.
So should we just split up?
I think we should split up.
Oh my god, splitting up is never a good idea, okay?
How much time do we have?
Until the sun comes up.
What?
We have the one night, or we're stuck in 1920.
Why are we standing here?
Let's do it.
We need a clue.
Oh my god.
There, there.
Sketchy Sarah walks in with a box and the last time she walked in with something it was a head, so I'm not feeling too great about this next situation.
This arrived in the post earlier today.
: What the hell is that?
What the hell is that?
And there is a flipping hand in there.
All tatted up.
We're trying to figure out what's going on.
Maybe these tattoos are clues for something.
: Did this come from the bayou?
: Look what it says!
What does it say?
Her essence can speak to you through the spirit board.
I don't mess with boards.
Spirit board!
Her essence can speak to you through the spirit board in the library.
So she can speak to us through the spirit board.
Giving you clues, however it requires great strength to speak from across the grave and can only occur once an hour.
So she's kind of like a lifeline.
Okay, may I make a suggestion?
Someone should act as the voice and read the invocation.
We call you now to bless our meetings.
Heavens promise our spirits thrive so now for the living let the dead come alive?
Stay away from all spirit boards.
I don't mess with it.
I don't want to open up that door and give the ghost a little way to peek his way in and then haunt my life forever.
Greetings spirits.
Speak to us.
Oh my god!
It just lit up.
I'm not even joking, this just lit up.
What should we ask?
What should we ask next?
: Wait, hold on there's B.
: O. K.
: Book!
: S.
: Books.
Books, we need to look at the books.
The spirit board spells out books.
We're in the library so that could mean anything, there's books everywhere.
I just hope that I come out of this alive.
: That's gotta be it.
What's on the side?
: I'm gonna take this.
So, I'm not sure if I was supposed to open the cabinet, but there is a symbol here, on the chest, and it's got a lock with a symbol on it.
: So we need a key.
No, we need a code!
All right, so the code is probably in the book.
: Wait, hold on, hold on, hold on.
This, yeah, this has a number on it.
But that's another book...
That's another one here, where's the other book?
: Yeah, so get the other book.
Look, it's got this cool.
That's a symbol.
This is the first book.
This is five, five.
But look, they both have arrows, look.
Wait, I have one.
I know where there's one too.
There's one in here.
Guys, I have a book as well.
This is some demon stuff.
Piece by piece, everyone is finding these books that have that same marking and we realized that we need to take all these, put 'em on the table, and really figure out what we need to do with these books.
Wait, maybe it has something to do with this?
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
There's five here, we need three more.
: Hold on, I've got one more.
Okay, we need book one and two.
: Guys, I found the other book.
: So we need one more.
We're searching everywhere.
It's this book we need to find with the symbol.
I'm looking at this grandfather clock, it has cabinets.
No one is looking in it.
I open up the door and I found it!
: Where?
It was in the clock.
: Oh my god!
: I was so happy!
So we find all the books, we put them down on the table, and I realize that they're obviously all numbered and they all have different arrows.
There's lots of different dials on the box where that hand is and we realized that from the books, it actually tells us exactly where each dial has to be.
Down, right.
Left.
Right.
Up, and up.
: Three five four seven three.
: What the, guys?
: Five four seven.
Five four seven!
It said three five four seven.
: Three five four seven.
Bring it over here!
Three five four seven.
Three.
Five, four.
Chess pieces!
Chess pieces.
Chess pieces?
I'm so confused and I don't know what's going on.
Chess board over there.
: Oh, oh!
: Let him read, let him read.
30 men and only two women, but they hold the most power.
Dressed in black and white, they could fight for hours.
The ladies need to find a perfect pair, a handsome knight on their right with a flair.
Who knows we had to play chess?
I wish we had a dumber ghost.
We'd probably be out of the house by now.
Yet one of these ladies is in deep sorrow.
Her white bearded husband will not have his home tomorrow.
Because a vicious bishop...
: Bishop is gonna get the king.
That's these.
Okay.
Chess isn't really my game.
I'm more of a Yahtzee guy, or a Guess Who?
That's my sh1t!
So you need to move the bishop over to...
Took his house a beautiful, medieval castle.
So, would these be considered the castles?
And then the bishop just goes and takes his spot.
Oh he takes the castle, yeah!
So push that off.
Take that.
We did it!
Oh my god, what?
That scared me so bad.
Today's experiment was a success.
The machine was able to consume the life force of two college students and produce an ungodly monster.
However the machine's demand for power is endless.
I'm using an ancient artifact with an, artifact, that's what we need to find, with an origin I do not wish to know as a source, but it has come with a price.
My mind can no longer distinguish between reality and nightmare.
I've locked the key to the machine inside the green cabinet in the ballroom, but my scattered mind cannot recall where I left the combination on the first floor.
All the thoughts I can hold are the four elements of triangles I learned as a boy.
Fire, water, air, and earth.
We find this leaflet with four different elements on and we decide to split up.
Please everyone.
: So we cover more ground, and try and find them all as quickly as possible.
Okay, fire, water, air, and earth.
Think of something that is trying to hide in plain sight.
But look for a number, 'cause we're looking for a code.
: This is like my first iPod.
Lele actually pointed out this metal object.
Air?
That air?
Obviously we've never been to the 1920s so we had no idea what this thing was.
Yeah look, here's the symbol of the box here.
What do we do?
We have this wooden box with these like daisies or tulips in one side and a hole in the other.
We have to put something in there.
What would fit in there?
A lightbulb?
We go into the study, and there's this fan turned on.
Wind?
Fire, water, air, and earth.
Well, the fan is on and there's air.
Look, the symbol's on the fan.
Okay, all right.
Yeah yeah yeah yeah, look.
: Are we gonna die here?
We might.
: Because I don't want to die in the '20s.
Oh I found a clue!
: You, no!
No, I found it, it's right on the back.
You were right from the beginning.
It was just on the back side of it.
It turns out that item that I dismissed at the beginning was actually a heater.
This is water.
Oh!
Eventually we realized that we needed to pour water in it.
How much water are we gonna put in there?
We're pouring the water in and it just feels like it's a black hole.
It's eating it!
It just sucked it all down.
Like the water is just going in and nothing's happening.
Where did it go?
I don't know.
Keep filling it.
More?
Yeah.
So wait, what's the number?
: It's probably on the thing.
: What thing?
: On the blade.
We need to turn it off.
Here, put your finger in there.
No!
And cut my finger off?
Oh my god.
Eight.
Eight!
Eight, we found it!
We got it, eight, guys!
Guys, we have one!
This is my clue, actually.
Oh you take the clue, you take the clue.
I'm not really a big fan of Lele.
This girl is the problem.
Where is this going?
We are obviously not doing something right.
We put the water in the wrong hole.
Oh god, this is not a good idea.
This is not a good idea!
That was the worst idea ever!
We need to plug it in?
Should we plug it in?
I don't think we need to turn it on.
There's no bulb in it.
Well it's a heater, so it radiates heat.
What are you doing?
Are you fishing?
You're plunging?
What is that?
I've got it, I've got it, yes!
Yes, yes!
This is five.
This is five.
Three, number three.
Three, guys we got three!
We have five.
Five!
We have five.
Finding earth is more of a struggle, you know?
It's dark outside, we have these little dinky flashlights that don't really work.
This looks sketchy, this is a basement situation.
This one's open.
I don't want to look in there.
I'm scared!
: Do you want to get trapped in the 1920s?
: No, I really don't!
I want to go to 2016.
I'm kind of feeling like after the club when you're drunk and you're trying to get your phone to text a booty call but then you're drunk texting your ex.
That's how I'm feeling.
What's this?
: What is that?
It's a handprint, it's a handprint.
It's two handprints, ooh!
In the dirt, in the dirt.
I think it's a box.
It is a box.
Here we go.
Two.
Dirt, two.
Dirt two, guys!
We got it!
Okay so three, five.
Guys!
: You guys have it?
Yes!
We got it, two!
Two, okay two, three, and five.
Eight, eight is air.
So all the groups come back together and we each have a number which correlates to the combination of the lock.
: We got it!
Awesome, good work.
Open it, open it!
Oh my god, oh my god.
What is it?
What is it?
: Read it out loud!
The ungodly machine is in the basement, oh god, not the basement!
Ungodly machine, I mean, what is that?
The cog key will ignite its wicked engine, but understand once the machine has been started it can only be stopped by the loss of an innocent life.
Two guests must be selected by the vote of the group to be locked in the machine, then those two must each choose a partner who will aid them in defeating the machine.
I'm not going in the basement.
Timothy is one of 'em, 'cause he just killed everybody so he deserves to die.
I don't...
You're gonna need this.
I don't kill my friends.
Yeah, I think we need to lay off Timothy, all right?
I have a method for voting.
Please, have a seat.
Here is how the final voting will work.
Each one of you will write down the name of the person you want to attempt the final task and put it in this hat.
I will then draw two names who must face death.
Please, discuss this amongst yourselves.
Oh my god.
Okay, come with me.
I mean this is crazy.
Like, what dinner party do you go to and you vote two of your friends to go in a basement and fight a bloody machine?
That just doesn't happen!
I kill people for business, not for pleasure.
Out of all of us, you are the worst one and so...
But, the best dressed.
Okay, with an attitude too.
You guys are very quick to throw stones from over there.
Lele needs to go.
As soon as we got into the mansion, she was accusing Tim of being a murderer.
I think we should form an alliance.
Me too, but who do we kick out?
Someone who's useless.
Andrea.
Andrea.
I feel like Andrea just is in the shadows.
Like she's not putting in like effort.
I'm the one finding all the clues here.
I cannot die, we'll all die.
Eva, she was the last person with Shane and he's dead.
And she still hasn't explained...
What happened.
She just said she was in the bathroom.
She was not in the bathroom.
Okay, so let's go with her.
I'm choosing Matt.
He's just very bipolar.
I don't like that.
Okay, I think we know what we have to do.
I don't feel safe.
Like I feel like my name could go on there.
People are starting to come after me because I invited people here.
Andrea?
Lele.
: Oh my god.
Wait, what, wait, so that means I go down in the basement?
All the sudden, my name gets pulled out of the hat, and I'm just like, what?
Andrea?
Yes.
You get to pick your partner first.
And the partner solves the problem.
For you.
Our partners have to try to save us and whoever succeeds first wins and the other one just, I don't want to even imagine.
: I'm going to pick...
Please don't think that I am gonna be any good at going down in the basement and fighting an ungodly machine.
Justine.
What?
No, I'm an idiot, you don't want me!
I'm not sure if I trust iJustine to put in 100% to save Andrea right now because I kind of feel like she's part of the reason that Andrea's going into the machine in the first place.
So Andrea picks Justine.
Okay I'm picking Eva, you know.
Lele picks Eva.
I chose Eva 'cause she is a journalist and she's very clever and all that stuff.
I'm gonna get the challenge done and we're gonna get out of here.
Down the stairs.
Are you serious right now?
Oh no.
This is like Saw.
Until Dawn.
I've seen this stuff in movies and nobody comes out alive.
I regret coming here tonight.
Ladies.
Welcome to the ungodly machine.
Why do you even have this down here?
Please read the directions.
To free the artifact from the bowels of the machine, it must be forced into malfunction.
The two guests selected by vote must be locked in a separate glass chamber.
The machine is started by placing the cog key in the center console.
Basically, the first person to get the machine to malfunction gets the person out of their tube.
However, the other chamber will fill with a noxious gas killing the guest whose partner was not quick enough.
If after 30 minutes the machine has not malfunctioned, both guests will be killed by the machine and a monster will emerge?
It begins.
Okay.
What?
This is not even in English.
It's just all these weird symbols.
I'm freaking out.
I'm just praying here.
The blueprints have these different levers so we have to lift the levers up and the levers down and you have to get them the correct combination.
So, each lever has a corresponding little code that's matched up with a decoder, so we have to decode which way the arrows go.
D13, so you just have to match them up.
Do I gotta push harder, is something not right?
Girl, I'm trying.
And it was just getting so crazy because our time was running out.
: Eva has solved the first step.
We're in deep sh1t.
Okay, but ahh!
I'm doing a pretty good job and I'm feeling pretty confident, almost a little cocky.
I'm gonna die in here.
I'm doing exactly what this is telling me to do.
I get to this point where I have to stick my hand in this vat of ice water?
Remove bolt, okay I gotta unscrew this.
Oh, it's so cold.
My hand is getting numb right now.
I'm just unscrewing, unscrewing.
Okay.
Girl, I can't get the bolt.
: Finally, it breaks free.
You can do it, Eva!
And I move onto the next step.
What?
This is ridiculous!
Kinda sketchy though.
Justine wasn't taking off her glove when she was doing this.
I'm getting really fussy!
Really, really fussy!
You gotta hurry.
I have to take the screw and un-bust open the, like, I guess.
Eva, you got this!
Control center of this machine.
Girl, you want to give me a hand?
Did you actually take this bolt out?
Don't tell her anything!
It's all of these connectors with blue to blue, red to red, yellow to yellow.
I have to essentially put them all back together.
I'm doing pretty well until I get to blue.
I don't know where blue goes like at all.
At this point, I'm just sticking it into literally every single hole.
: Oh god, I did it!
Oh yeah!
Hallelujah, the bolt has been removed.
Dang it, like I was so far ahead and now she's catching up to me.
What's this?
Oh god!
Oh my god!
Eva's done it.
Justine, I'm sorry.
Andrea did not survive.
Oh my god!
Oh my god.
Caused the machine to malfunction, and it will now produce the artifact.
I'm very sad for Andrea, but I'm very happy for me because I didn't die.
Trust me, she's in a better place than I am right now. because this house is the devil's house.
They're coming.
I hope that Lele comes back from the ungodly machine.
I really do.
If Lele comes back up right now, you might see my head on the next platter.
I survived!
And now you're all happy about it.
They all know that I voted for Lele, so they might just go tell Lele like, yeah, he had it out for you.
Let's vote him in next.
I knew it, I knew it, I knew it!
Andrea's dead!
I seriously tried.
Like I honestly did everything.
I think I was sabotaged.
What did you have to do?
There was like this big contraption so then we had to go down and solve all the puzzles and she solved hers super quick.
I did the same exact thing, but nothing was working.
Ehh, ehh, ehh.
It's super obvious to me that Justine wanted Andrea to die.
She totally didn't play to save Andrea's life.
She set Andrea up.
Justine is the rat, I know it.
You let my friend die, Justine.
Maybe she needed to go, honestly.
What is she even doing here?
: I love you!
You killed her!
All I'm saying, we were over there trying to open up that lock and I was like oh hey, fixer.
Why don't you fix the problem?
And she was like, mm.
Didn't even try to help.
And that's where I got a little bit upset, so you know what?
: So you killed her?
And the people get what they deserve.
Who's the fixer now? iJustine might have saved me, but she doesn't look very trustworthy.
What is that?
We got an artifact, which is one of four.
Gosh, it's heavy.
She pulls out this artifact that was like, I've never seen anything like this.
Only three more artifacts to find.
The artifact goes up on the mantelpiece and I look over, and in the corner of my eye I can see a bit of paper.
What does it say?
You've been warned.
One among you in league with the evil of the house.
Someone's working with the evil?
: Guys, who is it?
It's not me, because I almost died.
It's your house.
So who's the rat?
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
