: I started having dreams.
About a house.
A house that was built without hands.
And then one day I received a letter and it became mine.
Life had been breathed into a fantasy.
But now it won't let me sleep until I invite others.
To my esteemed friends.
I have acquired an illustrious estate through the death of a distant relative who I've never met.
I thought it only fitting that I invite you all to attend a dinner party on its grounds.
: Telegram for Mr. Delaghetto.
Am I getting sued?
It will certainly be a night to remember.
However the estate is quite peculiar.
It only exists in the year 1920.
In the year 1920?
The heck?
To enter its grounds, you must be dressed entirely with clothing of that era.
If you are carrying anything from the modern world, the house will simply never appear for you.
: And not only your clothing, but your attitude must reflect the time.
I have included your unique characteristics on the back of this invitation.
My driver will pick you up and take you on a road that can only be driven by his mysterious time traveling automobile.
Then almost like magic, the place will appear.
: My name is Shane and they call me the renegade.
: I'm Eva, my character is the journalist.
: I'm Oli White and I am the big game hunter.
: My name's Justine and I'm the gambler.
: My name is Andrea and I am kinda like a fixer.
: My name is Matt, I am called the professor.
: I'm Sierra and I am an heiress.
: My name is Lele Pons and I am a hustler.
: My name is Timothy Delaghetto, I'm a mobster.
: This is such a nice place.
It's the 1920s, we were just in 2016, then we got into this car and then here we are.
So like I think I know what's going on, but I'm really not sure.
 -Do you have any mints? Any gum? Mints?
I don't get to go out too much and then when I'm coming to a party like this and it's 1920s themed, I'm really looking forward to it.
This party is insane.
I mean, I have been to a few YouTube parties, that's a lie, I've been to none.
This is the first one I've been invited to.
What do you guys think?
Welcome to my new house.
This is yours?
This isn't your house.
I actually have inherited this house from a distant cousin twice removed.
My cousins get me nothin'.
You all look amazing tonight in your 1920s attire.
Thank you. 
I wanna introduce you all to my wonderful staff that actually came with the house.
Arthur, who is head of staff.
Sarah, the maid and then there's Marvin, who's the groundskeeper.
Dinner is almost ready, but until then, let's get to know each other a little bit more and have some drinks.
I love being in the 1920s, mainly because I don't have to text people back.
I don't have to worry about keeping up with my Snapchat, I don't have to make any videos, this is great, this is vacation.
No technology works here which is crazy.
Oh, I would love one, thank you.
I thought it would be fun to give each of my friends a persona since we have to dress up for the 1920s, why not make it even more fun by giving them a character to play up.
Hit me, hit me, hit me, hit me.
Oh, girl, blackjack!
I'm gonna deal some cards and we are gonna gamble tonight.
I'm a mobster in the 1920s, you know, that's not too far from what I already kinda represent.
Coming from nothing, building my own empire, killing people, figuratively.
I've just come back from Africa.
I've actually been hunting for the past couple of weeks or so.
I'm a vegetarian but I'll let it slide because his outfit's cute.
I love the dark mistress look, it's gorgeous.
: Thank you.
Yeah, you know, I'm really into fashion.
I really like to make things, I like to fix things.
If you have something broken, I can fix it.
: Really?
Yeah.
Joey, do you own this house?
I need to be part of this house.
I mean, it's just big.
I don't have the deed yet.
So you're not rich.
You basically own it.
No, no, no, it's going to happen.
Like tonight it's supposed to happen actually.
Oh, really?
Yeah, and once I sign it, then it's officially mine, but like I've been living here so.
It's mine.
Are we allowed to look around?
Being the journalist, I always just wanna see what's happening and I don't think of the consequences.
I'm down if you're down.
Huh, hm.
Oh, hm, huh, hm.
What you gonna do, Glozell.
♪ Hit me one more time ♪

♪ Hit you with my best shot ♪
I'm the jazz singer here, sweetheart.
Sorry.
I know you sing pretty but I don't do duets.
Well I was hoping that I was the only one that was invited by Joey, but it's fine, it's fine, I'll do whatever.
As long as I get my man and my mansion.
So would you wanna live here your whole life then?
Why not?
: Alone, do you have a girlfriend?
Um, no.
I guess she didn't watch my video.
How's darts going?
Ready, one, two, three.
: Could we like look around?
Look around?
No, I think we should just stay down here.
Dinner's almost ready, so I think we should just hang out here, yep.
I don't know, I can tell that he's lying just by looking in his eyes.
There's something that he doesn't want me to see.
Dinner is served, so head on into the dining room.
Nametag.
: Yes.
Oh, the salad looks delicious.
This is so creepy.
I know.
Just happened, it just fell into my lap.
: Thanks for inviting us, by the way.
No, of course.
: This is so cool.
 Yeah.
: Where's Eva and Shane?
: Ooh.
You scared yet?
Wait.
Wait, what?
Wait, what?
Maybe...
The dinner's ready.
Where's the bathroom?
You should probably head downstairs.
Here, turn around.
♪ Sitting here with the food ♪

♪ Having fun with Joey ♪
Oh, my.
♪ I wish he would give me some of that money ♪
We have a lot of girls that want money.
I'm trying to, you know, stay back from that.
I just got the house, okay, I don't get money.
You can put it on the market.
That Sarah chick is a little scary though, that maid.
Does she smile?
She's like.
Sarah, she needs to work on her make up.
When I become Mrs. Joey and I get in the house, she's the first one that's got to go.
We should play some bets to see where we think these two are, first of all.
Yeah, it's been a long time, they can't be in the toilet.
You can't drop deuces that long.
Part of me feels a little like disrespected like, or don't go ahead and go exploring.
Especially when I tell you not to.
So is this impressive to you?
My estate?
Oh, it's cute.
I just come from a really rich family, don't really work, I was handed a lot of things in my life, so yeah.
Am I the only poor one here?
I guess so, you got a bedazzled headband on.
I stole it.
I think Glozell is so hilarious.
She's taking her character to a whole new level.
She's bringing the energy, I'm so glad I invited her tonight.
: Welcome back.
Where were you guys?
: Where were you?
: You're a little late, a little late.
What the hell is this?
: We're not changing the subject.
Do not change the subject please.
We wanna know where you guys were.
I was in the bathroom.
For that long?
Is this real food, can we eat?
I wanna know where you guys were.
I wanna tell them so bad what happened, but I can't, I'm thinking, I just need to keep this to myself and keep the group calm, it's too early for this.
As much as I love a good make-out, I was literally pooping.
Oh, okay.
What about you?
I know I saw something with the maid.
I don't know for sure if Eva saw it, but I think it's best for now to just not bring it up, but eventually I'm gonna have to tell everybody.
: Oh, hello.
Oh.
: Okay, now you have to open it and read it to us.
Are y'all jealous?
: What is it?
: What does it say on the front?
: Read it out loud.
Oh, my God!
What?
What just happened?
Blood started splurting out of Shane's mouth.
I mean what is this place?
I don't like it.
What the hell is going on?
: I think I got poisoned.
: Oh, Jesus.
He said he was poisoned.
: By who?
: By her obviously.
: It's the maid.
I'm in a state of shock and I just don't know what to do, I don't know what's going on with Shane, I don't know what happened.
I'm reading the telegram.
: What does it say?
It says he's been poisoned.
: What?
: He knew.
In 15 minutes, you'll be dead.
Your lungs filled with blood, however, you know I love games.
There is an antidote hidden on the first floor of the house.
If you and your friends are wise enough, they'll be able to solve the clues and save you.
The symbols of your cult mark the clues leading to the antidote.
It all begins with your last dish of the night.
May you die in a horrible pain, my cursed enemy.
What does she have under there?
: She's got the last dish.
: What does she have under there?
: Oh, no.
: I'll open it, okay.
Girl, I will fork you up, what is underneath there?
: I'll do it.
Oh, my goodness, what is going on?
This is crazy.
And right there and then, it's like everything went mute for me.
Wait, there's something in his mouth.
: Oh, no.
Oh, no, ew.
I wasn't too bothered by it, you know, at first I thought it was like just a themed cake.
: Oh, no.
: And you're not gonna call the police for this?
Shh.
Something is not okay with this room.
I like it in a perfect order but certain things wander around the table instead of finding their perfect fit.
Can you figure it out?
This is what we've got to look for.
This symbol, this symbol, this symbol.
That symbol means something.
: Doesn't this look like a rat would wander around the table?
Come on, guys, Shane is dying!
Shane's like coughing up blood, I'm really concerned about him.
I look over and everyone's just eating their food still, not really bothered about what's happening.
This guy is dying.
I'm walking over towards the window and I see this weird glass holder with the same symbol on the top left of it and there's only one glass on top of it.
Wait, what was the symbol on there?
It's like a circle, oh, yes it is, yes it is, yes it is.
And then it's just a mad scramble.
Everyone's flying around trying to find all different glasses, pulling the wrong glass and then eventually we found three of the right glasses and we got another note.
Oh, no, Jesus!
I rebuke you, Satan!
Oh, I have no idea, it opened up by itself.
: What's in there?
There are three keys to unlock life.
This is long, I don't wanna read this.
: In the first floor study, one key to life is as high as the mountain top.
In the library is the second key which lies hidden beneath the nine circles of hell described by letters and words.
In the foyer, it's the third key to life which can easily be found but no one person can retrieve it without the helping hand of a friend.
Letters and words are in books.
So my group is responsible for finding the key that's in the library.
I know none of these girls have read a book in years so this might be a problem.
Is this a thing?
: Where's the key?
Oh, hold up, wait, wait, wait.
The square so we need to get it to the square.
Before I even know it, Oli reaches straight in and feels some sort of box inside and it clicks in our minds that this must be the key.
We have to figure out how to get this box out of this gigantic box.
Push it, push it.
Hold on, hold on.
So the clue that I get is one key to life is as high as a mountaintop and Glozell immediately points out that there's something sticking out of the mountain painting.
: I don't know now, don't mess up these people's painting.
Oh!
: Oh my gosh.
: A key!
So there's two devils.
Mm-hm.
How many souls has he perverted this week?
Three young ones.
To confound the king of devils and avoid his fiery wrath, he gives them a riddle instead of a straight answer, okay, okay.
We're YouTubers, we're not mathematicians.
What is a mathematician?
It's all right, I'm Asian, I got this.
Guys, we got a key, we got a key, we got one.
: Oh, my gosh.
: Put your hand in there.
Let me give it a try.
Where is it?
Where is it, where is it, where's the thing?
You've got to push it, you've got to push it all the way back here.
: There's no way.
Let me give it a try here.
I'm trying to lend a hand and she's a little bossy.
I don't know what Matt is doing, he was just standing there like sometimes he was like talking about how wrong we were.
: It has to be this one.
I got it.
We need all three in order to cure him.
Oh, we gotta hurry up, we gotta hurry up.
: There's three young ones.
: And how old are they?
We're not doing really good, man.
: Multiply their ages, you will get the number 36.
It's really confusing and the font is kind of hard to read.
: Wait, wait, wait if you add...
: It's all we need to know.
: Ages together, you will get the number of devils in the grand council.
You gotta tally up the ages, equal this number and then divide, I was like, I skipped this class.
Oh, wait, is this the number of devils?
One, two, three, four, five, six seven.
: That does not have anything to do with it.
: It is, it'll help us solve the riddle.
The girls are cackling in my ear.
I just need a moment to figure it out.
Do we have like a pen?
A pen?
We don't have a pen, we don't have time for a pen!
We only have three minutes!
: Who poisoned him, that's my question.
You know what, it could been you 'cause you were out with him.
You're the only one...
: What were you doing up there with him?
Access to him.
: I was peeing.
Peeing with poison.
: Push up.
: It can't go up.
Pinch in up.
: It can't go up.
: Pinch in up.
All right, where is it, where is it?
: Quickly.
I got it all in the back right now.
We're all getting frustrated with each other because we have no idea where this box is going.
We need the key, Shane's dying, we need to work as a team.
Joey, you know what?
I think that you might've done it.
Why do you think I did it?
: He has more followers, so you probably tried to kill him.
: You'd think I want to kill Shane...
: You wanna take over his account.
: Why would I wanna kill Shane?
: To take over his accounts.
: Exactly.
I don't get access, the person who kills someone doesn't get their YouTube account.
You are the YouTube killer.
The YouTube killer.
You are the YouTube killer.
: You know what, I think you...
My love for Joey is strong but he is trying me, he is trying our love right now.
Please hurry, 90 seconds.
: Nine, 10, 11, 12, 13, okay.
All right, now it's here, now it's here.
: Oh my God, he's gonna do it.
I'd be scrambling to get his Twitter.
Okay.
I'll get his Twitter.
Yeah, Twitter's more valuable.
: Hurry up.
Please.
: Ladies and gentlemen.
Is that it?
: Oh no.
Time is up.
: Oh no, oh no, oh no.
: Shane is dead.
I'm honestly very nervous about my own life and the lives of everyone that I invited tonight.
It's my responsibility, I'm the one who invited them here.
What happened?
: We couldn't figure out, it was a riddle.
We were so close.
It's not our fault.
We found our key in like a few seconds.
Well he's dead now because of one of us.
We gotta figure out who killed him first.
You know who killed him probably?
Aren't you like a murderer?
: I don't kill my friends.
I just kill people that owe money to me, all right?
Guys, what do we do with the body?
Okay, I don't care who killed him, we need to get rid of it.
: The body?
Probably because you killed him.
I honestly think it was Eva, she was the last to be seen with him.
It was not me.
Everyone starts thinking that I'm involved in something sketchy which I totally wasn't, but like there's no way to prove that and obviously I was the last person with Shane before he came back.
I mean we just kind of got there, so I didn't really feel like he made any bad blood with anyone yet.
No pun intended. 
That was too soon.
Who had a motive to kill him?
Did anybody hang out with him before he came here?
Joey is the person who killed him and he's gonna kill us all.
He's playing a sick game he got us all here.
: I agree it's Joey.
Don't be lookin' at me all cute and fine, you a killer.
: This is his house.
: Right now I'm wondering is it worth being with Joey for all this?
Is he really gonna stay in this house?
I can't live there, we gonna have to move somewhere.
: All I'm saying is we found our clue exceptionally quick with the help of Joey.
With the help of me?
 [Glozell] Right.
: It was Glozell who found it.
In your house.
: Who was sitting next to Shane at dinner?
Was it Justine?
Justine.
Joey?
: No, I wasn't sitting next to him.
You were very close to him, you were in proximity.
: I was two seats away.
You were sitting right next to him as well.
: You were as close as I was.
Guys, what if it's none of us and it's the maid.
: 
 Look at her.
She served the head.
The cook is the one that prepared the dessert.
So Joey starts searching Shane's body for clues.
I'm thinking he's gonna take his wallet and I'm jealous because I wanna take his wallet.
So it's the same symbol.
Listen to this, listen to this, if you're reading this I have failed in my mission.
My killer is not who you might think it is.
It's the house itself.
: Which is possessed of an ancient evil that has locked it in time.
I came here tonight with the intention of destroying it.
I am a member of a secret organization known as the Society Against Evil.
We've been battling this wicked force for centuries.
There are four artifacts which the evil has hidden behind a series of puzzles and clues.
If they can be gathered and a binding ritual performed, the evil will be locked away.
However to complete the final task to retrieve each artifact, the group must vote on two people who must undertake a dark challenge.
Tragically one of them will die.
But to help you along the way, the Society Against Evil has marked the clues with their symbol.
You have until sunrise to recover the artifacts before you are trapped here forever.
What lies ahead will not be easy but I'm afraid you have no other choice if you wanna get back to 2016.
Okay so there's an evil spirit running around here, but we have to find like what four of these little things to untrap it or we gonna be stuck in the house?
Guys, I think we should leave.
Follow me, I have a car that can take us out of here.
I think I would rather die than get stuck in 1920.
I think I'm at peace with dying if that happens.
: Just a moment, wait for Glozell.
: Wait for Glozell, we can't leave Glozell in 1920s.
: Please don't leave me in the 1920s.
: These shoes hurt so bad.
: It wasn't a good year for us.
Oh!
They're here.
: Go!
: This is the worst party ever.
There's blood on all of our hands.
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
