How great is this?
Fresh air and the endorphins.
Ooh, and the cute little babies and dogs.
This puts everything in perspective.
I ought to do this every day.
I swear, I don't know why I don't.
(breathing hard): I need to stop.
We 
 started.
Gordon hates running.
Then why did Gordon say "yes" to running?
Because he's insanely competitive?
What are you looking at?
(children laugh)
And yet, here you are, wallowing in defeat.
This is a hard thing for me to watch.
You'll get over it.
And I sense you need to talk to me about something that requires a working brain, so I'd rather not risk a stroke.
Well, at least walk with me, you big baby.
Strangely turned on by you abusing me.
This is sensitive.
Something I haven't read my staff in on.
: Okay.
I'm starting to normalize, go.
Last time I saw Foreign Minister Avdonin, he proposed a trade with me.
Do I need context?
No.
Peter Buckley for an American asset with a great deal of personal significance to Henry and me.
Previously, they told us he was dead.
Now they're saying he's not, and we could get him back.
Now, I know the politics of a trade can be complicated, so I'm asking if you could imagine a scenario where Dalton might agree to that deal.
No. Breakfast?
Come on.
You're really gonna make me step this out for you?
First, to clarify, Peter Buckley, the most notorious American spy in history.
Responsible for the deaths I know that. of six CIA agents, Two of whom, Dalton, former Director of the CIA, knew personally.
That Peter Buckley? I'm sorry, I actually do need context as to why you would ask me anything so stupid.
Because it is incredibly important, and there's a clock on it.
You really made me step 
 out?
Okay. Even if Dalton would consider it, Russell Jackson would throw his body in front of that train.
Making a trade like that with the Russians, in an election year?
Even if you had monkey pictures on both of them, and got them to agree, What are monkey pictures?
I highly doubt your prisoner exchange is even legitimate.
If you think your asset is dead, he's probably dead.
But by even considering a trade for Buckley, you've revealed your attachment to your asset.
Now, Avdonin's using that to his advantage, claiming this dead person is alive without having to provide any proof.
So brilliant negotiating strategy there.
I he... I hear you, when you say you think this is a terrible idea.
But I haven't had a moment's peace since I realized this was possible.
I have to try.
Can't... can't you just do your thing... to find out exactly how suicidal this mission is?
I guess I could talk to some of my data-wonk pollster friends, and see what the favorability stats would be on a Buckley trade.
And it has been almost 20 years and people are idiots.
Long-term memory is at an all-time low, so we've got that going for us.
Well, see?
Things are looking up already.
(sighs deeply)
: Hey, babe.
Hey.
Hey, Mom. How was your run?
It was great. I feel so clean and healthy and... (gasps). Waffles!?
Yeah, Dad fixed the waffle iron.
Yes!
It just needed a new switch.
And he built a firepit in the backyard.
I dug a hole and put some bricks around it.
: What?
Course, the Secret Service won't let us use it.
: Aw...
: And now he's talking mini-golf.
Ho! So this is Henry McCord on sabbatical, huh?
I'm enjoying the time.
It doesn't happen that often.
And come on, we love mini-golf.
It was a Friday night thing for like...
A summer.
Two summers, at least.
You sure have been jazzed about all these life-affirming activities since your weekend with a think tank in San Diego.
I've got the time off.
I think I should take advantage of it.
So, come on, who's in? Mini-golf tonight.
Um, I can't.
I have to see Jareth tonight.
'Cause he just accepted a... two-year fellowship in Oxford, so we have to talk about how we're going to do the... (sighs) long-distance thing.
: Gosh, honey, that... that's rough, but you know what?
Your dad and I did it.
A lot of people do it.
: Yeah.
You'll-you'll figure it out.
Hey, uh, you know what would really clear your minds...
: Dad.
.. give you some perspective... Mini-golf.
Don't... Dad.
I'm serious. Just ask Jareth.
He's British. He's got to like golf.
Mini-golf.
Hey, help me out.
Alison, Jason.
All right. Fine. I'm in.
Yeah, me, too.
I'll ask him.
Joe and Mimma's after for gooey calzones, yeah?
They bought.
Stop selling.
Well, they'll get into it once we're there.
I'm sure.
So aside from fixing the waffle iron, and building a firepit, and obsessing about mini-golf, everything okay post Islamabad?
It's fine.
'Cause, you know, we could always go back and see Dr. Sherman.
Honestly, I just want to immerse myself in mindless activities for a while.
Okay.
Not counting on me for mini-golf, are you?
Uh, after the last time, I don't think you're allowed back there, 'cause you threw...
I did not throw that club.
All... all right.
I...I... was gesturing.
Yeah, tell that and it slipped. My hands were wet. to the lady who's...
We'll miss you.
I think it was raining.
: 
 all remnants of Hizb Al-Shahid have gone underground.
Even the remaining stolen uranium has been found and seized by American forces.
Yeah, their press releases are all full of optimism, and national pride.
Global response has been positive, with just a handful of the usual suspects grumbling about U.S. aggression.
From a polling data and optics perspective, we're on course.
Okay. Good. Um, No Matt, today?
Commencement season. He's holed up.
Apparently, he's agreed to write six speeches this year.
Yeah, including mine.
Oh, who are the lucky graduates?
UMASS Pittsfield.
(clears throat) They have quite a respected foreign policy program.
And they asked first.
The Secretary's a big fan of "asked first."
(chair squeaking)
Was that Dr. McCord's strategy, ma'am?
(laughs) Possibly.
I have an appointment.
It's personal. Spontaneous.
Whimsical, even.
It's fine. I'm reachable.
I know what that is.
Madam Secretary.
Yeah.
Oh, you're leaving?
I'll be back.
I was working on your commencement speech, and I was hoping you could give me some personal anecdote that-that proffers some nugget of wisdom that we could give the kids.
Uh, saving the Pacific Rim Trade Agreement, for example.
Détente with Russia.
Dropping the embargo with Cuba.
I mean, there's a lot of good options.
Yeah, I-I-I don't know if any of that really jibes with my overall message.
You have an overall message?
I don't know. Do I?
I'm just data-gathering, but I'm open to your ideas.
I... let me... let me mull it over.
See if I can come up with a message, or even a theme.
Ooh, a theme would be awesome.
Oh, what about the chrysalis thing?
A caterpillar into the butterfly...?
Are you messing with me?
(bell tolling slowly)
: Anton, thank you for agreeing to meet on short notice.
: The last time we did this, it worked out.
: It did. Those boys made it safely home from Syria. Thank you.
You're still a cultural attaché, huh?
Yes.
The work itself is quite dull, but the quality of life makes it all worthwhile.
Katarina got into Harvard, early action.
Congratulations.
I need information on a Russian army captain, Dmitri Petrov.
Officially, he died from a fever he contracted while stationed in Ukraine during the conflict.
Yes.
Officially, that is how every Russian soldier who died at the front met his fate.
Our young men are impervious to bullets, but, sadly, suffer from weak lungs.
I have reason to believe he's still alive, but I need hard evidence. Incontrovertible.
And why do you care so much about this particular Russian army captain?
I know you do realize that I'm friends with the dean of admission at Harvard.
I'm sure Katarina got in on her own merits, but you did list me as a reference, and I had some free time, and I made a call.
I will do my best, Madam Secretary.
Thank you.
(music playing, golf ball plinking into cup)
: Have anything like this in the UK, Jareth?
: No, sir.
Golf's quite a serious pursuit over there.
: It's fine to think it's goofy.
Part of its charm.
Your turn, dingus. Go.
Um, I'll pass on this one.
I know those guys from school.
But what about your score?
What was...?
It's already the size of the national debt.
Let her go.
Hello, hole-in-one.
: Oh, sorry.
You know what? This is ridiculous.
The clowns and the windmills and the jumping dolphins are supposed to convey an atmosphere of family fun, while the game itself is just designed to infuriate you.
Okay, look, just take a deep breath. It's okay.
It's all right.
I'm getting a snow cone.
I counsel we skip this one.
Just give ourselves twos and move on.
Sorry, this isn't exactly the kind of outing I'd planned.
No, it's fine. I'm having a lovely time.
Um, wh-while... while I've got you a moment, there's something I wanted to ask you.
Sure.
Um, I know Stevie's already told you that I accepted a fellowship at Oxford.
Yes. Oh, wow, I-I know you're going to work the relationship part out.
Yeah.
Elizabeth and I did it when I was in the Marines, and that was before Skype and JetBlue and all that.
Yeah. Oh, oh, see, uh, uh, about that, um... see, the thing is, Dr. McCord, um...
The thing is, I'm hopelessly in love with your daughter.
And I don't... I don't want to imagine my life without her. I...
I don't want to go off to Oxford without this settled, um, and so, I suppose, I'm rather awkwardly, uh, asking your blessing to propose to her.
Propose...
Marriage?
That's what I said.
I mean, don't these kids have other steps, first?
The way we did.
I know.
Like... living together.
Breaking up, and living together.
We didn't break up.
I-I just needed a little time to freak out.
It was the worst five days of my life.
Three.
Followed by the greatest proposal ever.
Yes, the discount skywriter.
"Mar Me Elibet."
Hey, it worked.
It did. But wait...
So what did you say?
I said yes.
Without talking to me?
Wow!
Did you guys just full-on Edith Wharton this and act like my voice wasn't going to matter?
Did you negotiate a dowry?
I-I... honestly, babe, I was so stunned, I might have actually turned into an idiot.
Huh.
It was really more E.M. Forster 'cause of the whole English thing.
Look, it was just...
It's just a formality, anyway.
He's going to do what he wants.
Well, what do we say if she says yes?
I don't know.
He's such a great guy, but they're so young.
That's what we say.
We love Jareth, but we will love him even more in two years.
Okay, let's just see what happens.
It's just getting engaged.
Exactly, exactly.
And they can take their time getting married.
I mean, some-some... engagements go on forever.
My brother and Sophie?
(scoffs) Oh, yeah, like, 15 years, right?
(laughing): Yeah.
Did they ever get married?
I don't know. I think so.
(sighs) You know what, this... is kind of a champagne problem.
I mean, this terrific guy with a fellowship to Oxford in physics wants to marry our daughter.
I think we'll survive.
(laughing): Yeah.
(chuckles)
Oh, Henry.
Our baby.
I know.
: 
 you'll be joining the school's president for a luncheon in his home.
(gasps) Gordon, come here, good buddy.
Come here, come on, Gordon.
There's a good boy.
Mike B., you can come in.
Hi.
Are we doing this here, in front of them?
Always a pleasure to see you too, Mike.
I'm ready to read them in. Here, you go walk with Uncle Mike.
Oh, come here. All right. Who raised you?
: So, uh, had Mike B. running some favorability numbers on the idea of trading Peter Buckley to the Russians.
Obviously, that does not leave this room.
Well, it ain't pretty.
48% say they'd view the trade unfavorably.
Well, that's less than 50.
With 32% saying they'd view it "extremely unfavorably."
Oh.
And how would they view President Dalton for making such a trade?
Ah, that came in at 78%: "What are you, nuts?"
Figured as much.
That's why you're here.
Wha...?
I have no idea what's going on.
It's Washington. Who does?
I want you to put together a package of inducements of equal or greater value to the Russians as Peter Buckley.
Can you do that?
I can try, but it'll have to be pretty damn enticing.
He's kind of a white whale for them.
And who or what would we be getting in return?
Let's just say another white whale.
Understood, ma'am.
Great, now that we're done speaking in Melville code, can we have the room?
You and I have other problems to discuss.
Really?
Really.
Really.
Fine.
My friend also told me that his company was commissioned by an unnamed entity... read: the White House... to do a poll on three people: Albert Kopp, Lloyd Frost and Calvin Hastings.
So?
They're all heavy-hitters with foreign policy credentials.
In fact, they were on the short list (snoring) after Secretary Marsh died.
The White House is looking to dump you.
(laughing): Oh, come on.
What...?
First of all, Conrad is a friend.
Uh-huh.
And secondly, I-I-I've had a few successes.
Listen, you could be Thomas Jefferson, but I'm telling you, it looks like you're about to get canned.
Why?
It's an election year.
There... there could be a million reasons.
Well, thank you for the heads up, Mike, but...
I'm not worried.
And now that that's settled, let's let the secretary get back to work.
Sure. Why not?
♪ ♪
: 
: Hey.
Hi.
: Hey.
So... we're engaged.
(gasps)
You're kidding.
Wow!
Hey, that's great.
I asked and she said yes.
Oh!
Ah!
(laughing)
: Well, he didn't just ask me.
He put this ring in the parfait, Ring? and I almost choked on it.
Ring?
Let me see.
Yeah, I forgot.
Um, yeah, and he got down on one knee and-and...
(laughing): the whole restaurant was watching.
Oh!
They all applauded when I said yes.
Wow, because you said yes.
Of course you did, with that ring.
Oh, it's a family heirloom.
Yeah.
Oh. Mm!
Well, congratulations.
Uh, that...
We-we couldn't be happier for you, really.
And we're sure the date is way off.
'Cause you got to finish college and law school.
Oh, why are we...? We don't need to think about that now.
Let's not.
Let's... let's have that champagne.
Well, actually, it's not that far.
We were thinking we-we might have it in DC at the courthouse.
: Yeah, we-we already have a date.
It's, uh, this weekend.
Wow!
Yeah.
(cell phone rings)
Uh, sorry, that's, um, it's my parents.
We haven't told them yet. I...
Oh yeah, um...
Oh, yeah, go, go, go.
: We'll be back in one...
We'll... One sec.
: Hi, Mum.
Um, just a minute.
(Elizabeth sighs)
(chuckles)
(whispering): Are we united that this is too fast?
(whispering): Way too fast.
: Okay, I've done my homework, and here's where we are.
First up, Albert Kopp, deputy secretary under Marsh, now works in the private sector consulting for an NGO.
I knew him well.
(sighs) The plagiarism scandal from years ago is probably behind him, but the "everyone in bureaucracy hated him" scandal most likely is not.
I doubt Dalton would hoist him on the rank and file.
Lloyd Frost.
Former high-ranking military officer, two-term congressman and ex-ambassador to Indonesia.
Frost would never relocate to DC...
Because his mistress lives in San Diego.
Yes, I know.
Okay.
Calvin Hastings, former ambassador to the UN.
Plenty of foreign policy experience.
And he's from a purple state, so his constituency would be useful to Dalton.
Uh-huh.
His wife is a veteran.
They have three beautiful children.
And he has a history of outside-the-box thinking.
If anything, he's a Secretary McCord 2.0.
And he's clean.
Well... if you can't find dirt on him, nobody can.
Thank you.
Frankly, I think he'd make a more useful secretary than Elizabeth.
Because he's from a swing state.
Relax.
I miss my shoes.
: 
All that champagne and terrible ideas.
My face hurts from fake smiling.
How do you think my tongue feels from me biting it?
She's going to put school on hold and maybe find work in a pub... she did say pub.
For the experience of immersing herself in the culture?
Oh, yeah, we are gonna have to say something.
Oh, you are definitely gonna have to say something.
Really?
You're going to have to make her understand about concrete plans, and-and contingency plans, and future PLA... you're just gonna have to explain plans.
Look, I know you're upset you weren't consulted about the proposal, Yeah!
But now I'm the one that has to tell her she's about to screw up her life?
Yes, and now is not a good time for me to confront my contradictions.
I just need you to stop this from happening.
Okay, okay, I'll do my best.
I-It is like my entire history of parental guidance is-is being erased.
There's no bank.
Nothing that I have done up to this point matters.
Is this all about Stevie?
Yes! Maybe.
I don't know.
What's going on?
Conrad's looking to replace me.
What?! Says who?
Mike B.
Mike B., come on, that guy dines out on controversy and bad news.
Yes, and as a result, he has a jump on everything.
That's got to be some kind of crazy rumor.
Conrad would never do that to you.
You've been so loyal.
I find it inconceivable that he would turn on you like this.
Well, it is Washington and there is an election coming up, and the crazy thing is... until now, I didn't even realize how much I've come to love the job.
That's the first time I've ever heard you say that.
I know.
: 
Uh, you received a call from an Anton Durchenko from the Russian Embassy.
Yeah.
Uh...
He's a cultural attaché.
He-he-he says that you know him.
Yeah, from my CIA days.
Oh, well, uh, he called to invite you to a concert today at the Russian Embassy.
I told him you were very busy but he insisted that you would be interested.
It's, uh, 
Okay, clear my afternoon.
R-Really?
Yeah, I could use a little break.
Tell Anton I'm coming.
Uh, yes, ma'am.
Bring you back some caviar and vodka.
Oh, please, don't.
I'm cleansing.
That's all the documentation I could find.
(sighs)
: 
 where did you think this road would lead when you decided to manipulate me and the United States Government?
It took exactly one move from me to find the proof that Captain Dmitri Petrov is dead.
Madam Secretary, forgive me, but I have to call into question this so-called proof that you claim to have.
Oh, it was-it was pretty convincing.
Dmitri Petrov's treachery had to remain secret to the public at large, but in order to maintain the appearance of strength among the military's officer class, President Salnikov falsified the captain's execution.
I saw a photo of him with a bullet in his head.
What can I say?
We're very good at what we do.
I want proof of life before we can proceed.
No.
President Salnikov wants to maintain the pretense of Dmitri's death.
He will not risk exposing this operation for anything short of Peter Buckley's freedom.
It's the reason why he kept the traitor alive.
Now he sees that the time is right, given such high-level interest.
I would only consider moving forward with the trade if there was a good faith gesture.
Dmitri Petrov's sister Talia released from prison in advance.
That can be arranged.
I will process the orders right away.
But as for Dmitri, it's Buckley or nothing.
And I'm running out of patience.
Good-bye, Madam Secretary.
Ma'am, a word?
We have proof.
You're on your way out.
We have some rather unsettling news, but I wouldn't call it proof.
They're gonna be moving the furniture out while you're protecting her feelings.
Just tell me.
Calvin Hastings' wife moved heaven and earth to get their child put on a wait list for the Circle of Friends preschool, which is the finger paint feeder for all the best prep schools in DC.
Hastings doesn't even have a preschool-aged child.
He will soon enough.
His wife is six months pregnant.
Damn it.
Hey. I was just coming to find you.
I have a draft. It's rough, but I think it's pretty good.
(sighs) The commencement speech.
I-I can't.
You can't what?
I-I can't do it. There's a lot going on.
It's complicated.
Bailing on them at this point, all due respect, is pretty rude.
I'm not bailing on them.
I'm sending you.
Wait, wait, what?!
Look, you wrote the speech. It's all you.
And, besides, the kids will relate to you more. Thank you.
I'll coordinate it. Just trust me.
Madam Secretary, they're really expecting you.
I'm-I'm gonna be a big disappointment.
Look, I'll make a contribution to the school.
I'll take individual meetings with the graduates.
How many?
400.
(sighs) We'll figure it out. And, Matt, you're not gonna be a disappointment.
You're gonna crush it.
Elise.
Russell...
(chuckling): Now that I'm on the other side of this, it is pretty rude.
We need to talk.
Yes, we do.
You need to drop the Peter Buckley thing.
Look, I have no idea why you'd want to give up a traitor to the Russians.
All I know is that you have no business even discussing this in the middle of an election.
And why should I listen to this when I'm losing my job?
Yeah.
Two can play at the omniscience game.
I know that you are planning on offering my position to Calvin Hastings.
(sighs) Look...
I can't talk about this.
You're not even denying it?
You need to talk to the president, soon.
He's in Chicago at a fund-raiser.
He'll be back tomorrow.
I'll get you a face-to-face with him.
Don't bring up Buckley.
We'll see about that.
(door shuts)
(sighs)
: 
We think he's a great guy.
But you're rushing into this marriage too quickly.
No, just "rushing."
"Rushing" is "quickly." You don't need both.
You're rushing into this marriage. And why?
Marriage is forever, and forever is a lot longer than you think it is.
This is stupid.
Okay.
Just go out there and start talking.
It can't be that hard.
: 
 like, too much going on?
Not if it's casual, like a modified ballerina bun Yeah. or a messy French twist.
Oh, you mean the ones that messy, like, have to look messy but you can't actually have them be mess... (laughs)
That's the magic.
Thank God you're here.
Hey, Dad.
Hey. It's just a dry run.
Um, the big day is still on Saturday.
You look beautiful.
Noodle, could we have a minute?
Of course.
Thank you.
(grunts)
You look so beautiful. Seriously.
Thanks, Ali.
So... is this the big sentimental dad talk about sending me off into the world?
Not exactly.
Okay.
Look...
Mom and I are concerned that...
It's too soon, isn't it?
Yes.
Oh, God.
I was wondering when one of you was gonna stop me from doing something incredibly... impulsive and stupid, which this does feel like it is.
But at the same time...
I love him, and...
I don't want to lose him.
And I know that he's the forever guy.
I just don't know that I want to start forever right now.
Right. Because forever is a lot longer than you think it is.
I just didn't know what to say when he proposed.
I mean, people were watching.
And it was so romantic!
And he's the greatest guy... ever.
Being willing to take that risk, you know?
Commitment is really hard to find in... people my age.
Or anybody.
How can I just throw all of that away?
You don't have to.
And you shouldn't.
We love Jareth.
(quiet laugh)
Uh...
We just think that... if you're willing to commit to a life together, then that's not going anywhere.
It'll stand the test of time.
I'm speaking in clichés now, exclusively. I just can't...
That's okay.
Dad, you're a little freaked out.
I am.
So am I. (chuckles)
Okay.
♪ ♪
(sighs)
Tell me what you know, Bess.
That you made an unofficial offer to Calvin Hastings to replace me as secretary of state.
Hastings hasn't unofficially accepted.
I was hoping to bring you into the circle when the situation...
I've been told by Foreign Minister Avdonin that Dmitri Petrov is alive.
They'll give him his freedom in exchange for Peter Buckley.
(sighs) Here we go.
Give us a moment.
(door opens)
(door shuts)
You need to let this go.
Not a chance.
After everything that I have done in service to you and this administration, only to find myself turned out at the first glimmer of political expediency?
Bess...
Not to mention the sacrifices my whole family made, especially Henry, who did his best to put it behind him and support you after his own asset was surrendered to the greater good.
Do you have any idea the stress that put on us?
We survived it because we did have a bigger picture in mind, because we did serve at the pleasure of a man we both respected and admired and trusted.
And now this? You're firing me?
Bess, I'm not firing you.
I'm trying to ask you to be my vice president.
Oh.
What?!
Mark Delgado has serious health issues.
It's just not a viable job for him anymore.
It was a very short list when it came to his replacement.
Only one name on it.
I'm going to need your help on the campaign trail.
But more importantly, I'm going to need your wise counsel on all matters, foreign and domestic.
I didn't want to bring you into this until I had a solid choice for secretary of state.
That person has some pretty big shoes to fill.
(sighing): Uh...
Mr. President...
I don't know what to say.
First of all, thank you.
Um...
And I'm sorry for the misunderstanding.
It's quite all right.
(trembling sigh)
And then, um, I suppose I'll need some time to think.
Of course.
Sir, I-I'm not... I'm not bargaining here.
It's a separate issue, this matter of Dmitri Petrov.
It's out of the question. American assets were sent to their deaths when Buckley burned them.
Two of them were friends.
I know.
As the former CIA director, you know I can't begin to consider giving this traitor his freedom.
You also know that Dmitri is probably dead.
But while there's a chance, we have to try.
He was one of the most effective assets we've ever had.
His intel may have prevented a world war.
Meanwhile, Buckley is no longer a threat to American security.
But besides all that, you know in your heart of hearts that giving up Dmitri to make that deal with Russia was wrong.
It was a necessary wrong.
But it was wrong.
Here we have a chance to make it right.
How often do we get that?
Here I am, offering you the second most important job in the country, (laughs) and you're poking at my conscience.
Any wonder why I want you to take the job?
Well, it looks like we both have a lot to think about.
: 
 plenty of room for mingling but not too cavernous.
Got craft beers on tap, nice wine selection, all the small batch liquors.
Walks right up to precious, and then says, no, wait, sophisticated.
Yeah.
It's nice.
Okay, so... why does it look like you're being led to your execution?
It's, uh, it's too soon.
What?
For getting married.
Yes, no, I put that together.
Jareth...
I love you so much.
And I love the idea of marrying you, it's... just every time I th... I think about actually doing it, I...
I kind of feel like... throwing up or-or passing out, and-and that's not how I really want to feel.
No, that's not ideal.
So why can't we wait?
Of course we can.
It's just when I think of being separated from you for that long without some kind of plan...
I don't want to risk it.
So... let's make a plan.
I will finish out my semester here and then I'll jo... I'll join you in Oxford for the summer.
We can, we can live in a... charming little cottage and... go punting...
Probably more like a sad little flat.
But I do know how to punt.
Well, I didn't actually know that was a real thing, it just sounded good, so...
And after our idyllic summer?
We... we figure it out. Together.
I like the together bit.
Me, too.
: 
Text from Stevie.
"Wedding off, engagement on, explain later."
Oh, thank God.
"P.S. summer in Oxford."
Sounds expensive.
(chuckles)
Still, nice save, Professor.
Well, believe me, she was ready for the intervention.
I need to tell you something.
Couple of things, actually.
Yeah?
There's a chance Dmitri's still alive.
What?
How?
I'm told the Russians preserved him in the event of a chance for a prisoner exchange, and now that chance is here.
Avdonin wants to swap him for Peter Buckley.
Took some convincing, but Conrad's agreed to the trade.
He's alive.
The whole thing could be a ploy.
I mean, all accessible proof, everything except Avdonin's word, speaks to the contrary, and the Russians could just be playing us to get Buckley.
We wouldn't know for certain until the actual exchange.
When is it?
Tomorrow night.
Where?
Vartius, Finland.
Border checkpoint with Russia.
We need someone there who can identify him.
It has to be me.
Do you really want to put yourself through that?
If it isn't real, what's that gonna do to you?
Y-you have to consider that, Henry.
In your best ex-CIA estimation, what are the odds he's alive?
Forty-five percent.
I have to go.
Okay.
Then we need to pack.
What was the other thing?
Oh...
Conrad asked me to be his Vice President.
Oh... what?
: Yeah, big day.
: 
(feedback whines)
: Good morning.
I'd like to, uh... (stammers) uh, begin by stating the obvious.
I am not Elizabeth McCord.
I'm her speechwriter.
Believe me, uh, no one is more disappointed that the secretary won't be giving the address that I wrote for her.
You know, now that I know that it'll never see the light of day, I think it's safe to say that it was the greatest speech ever written.
(audience laughs)
I mean, honestly, uh, this is probably the first moment in my adult life that I've stood in the spotlight.
Truth be told, it's probably gonna be the last.
Why?
Because I'm one of those people who works in the dark.
I know what you're thinking.
As soon as my Etsy page is discovered, uh, I'll invent my own job title on Buzzfeed and livestream my Christopher Walken impression as I hoverboard to the Soylent dispenser in the playroom...
(audience laughs)
...and I don't blame you.
In this world of relentless self-promotion, we've all been raised to think that the limelight is the only light worth seeking.
But that isn't the case.
And if I can impart one thing today, a small, simple truth to carry with you as you walk through those gates, it's this: 
Some of the greatest things have been done by people you have never heard of... quietly dedicating their lives to improving your own.
♪ ♪
(men speaking Russian)
(speaking Russian)
(speaking Russian)
It's him.
That's a positive identification, sir?
Yes, it's him.
(spits)
♪   ♪
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
