♪ Somewhere there's speaking ♪

♪ It's already coming in ♪
[Indistinct conversations]
♪ Oh, and it's rising at the back of your mind ♪

♪ You never could get it ♪

♪ Unless you were fed it ♪

♪ Now you're here ♪

♪ And you don't know why ♪
[Door opens]
♪ But under skinned knees and the skid marks ♪
[Cellphone clicks]
♪ Past the places where you used to learn ♪
[Cellphone beeps]
♪ You howl and listen ♪

♪ Listen and wait for ♪

♪ The echoes of angels who won't return ♪

♪ He's everything you want ♪
Mwah!
♪ He's everything you need ♪
Uh-huh.
: She's late, huh?
Met online, asked her to dinner?
♪ He says all the right things ♪
[Scoffs] Yeah. Why?
You picked a great venue, but just for drinks.
It's all women want on a first date with someone new, drinks or coffee... kind of an unspoken rule.
Oh, I didn't know that.
I'll go get you another club soda before my shift ends.
Thank you.
[Indistinct conversations continue]
♪ ♪

♪ You're waiting for someone ♪

♪ To put you together ♪
[Pen clicks]
♪ You're waiting for someone ♪

♪ To push you away ♪

♪ the top of my lungs ♪

♪ What's going on? ♪

♪ And I say, hey hey hey hey ♪
Want me to close you out?
I'm afraid so.
♪ What's going on? ♪

♪ And I say, hey hey hey hey ♪
Hey.
♪ I said hey, ♪
Are you working?
♪ what's going on? ♪
Have a good night, then.
Might be for the best, buddy.
Some of the gals you meet online these days are a little crazy.
It can't be any worse than my last date.
[Sighs]
♪ What's going on? ♪
[Indistinct conversations continue]
♪ ♪
[Indistinct radio chatter]
: I know.
Okay, victim's name is Drew Hudson, a D1 from s*x Crimes.
: No.
The roll-out didn't say anything about a dead cop.
Yeah, well, obviously Taylor wants to keep it quiet while we determine if Hudson had integrity challenges.
: And his supervisor... who says Hudson was on vacation... is heading downtown to brief the Captain.
Let's not jump to conclusions.
Since when?
Just because the guy is black...
Uh, we found enough drugs in his body to imply intent to distribute, but tell Patrice she's doing a good job with your sensitivity training.
Body is down this way.
The pool guy showed up for his weekly cleaning this morning and saw Hudson's body through the window.
Almost 20 stab wounds from a large knife, mostly in the back.
Well, this is Hollywood.
T.O.D., Kendall?
Say... an hour either side of midnight.
Didn't even pull his gun from his holster.
How do you get a drop on a cop like this?
: Well, maybe he was high.
What kind of drugs did he have?
Crystal meth.
Might have been lifting evidence from the locker.
Hmm. Some kind of ligature on the front of the guy's ankles...
Not sure what that is.
What is Mike doing out there?
[Horn honks in distance]
He thinks he's been here before.
When... a previous life?
Uh, Lieutenant?
There are little holes near the bottom of both sides of this doorway.
It's gone now, but someone strung a tripwire.
Oh.
Ah. So, when Hudson fell down, someone jumped on him.
So whoever killed Hudson was waiting for him.
Uh, whose place is this, anyway? Where are they?
There's no food in the refrigerator.
Empty closets, no pictures, no dishes.
: Okay, this is going to be a massive print and collection job, and if our cop was high...
Uh, he wasn't, sir.
I saw him last night at the bar in the Fontenot Hotel.
But I spoke to him.
He looked at me like, "Don't blow my cover."
He was working on something, sir.
Not according to his supervisor.
And what were you doing at the Fontenot Hotel?
Um... I was being stood up again.
: I got it!
This is where the cartel leaders met up with the FBI.
What? Hudson was connected to the cartel?
How do you figure that?
No, no, no.
You see this barcode?
It means that all this furniture came from a property house.
This place is designed to be a rental for film locations.
We shot an episode of "Badge of Justice" here back in season one.
Oh, my God.
I didn't recognize this place...
"Badge," "Badge," "Badge."
...because it's been redecorated.
We had more of a neo-Palladian vibe going on.
Anyway, I texted BOJ's location manager, and she says the house is represented by a service, and the company set to film here is called 18 and Out Entertainment.
So, how did a murdered detective become the star of their show?
: Well, this was not your average film company.
Their CEO, Bo McClaren, is a famous p0rn star, and his brand is Barely Legal.
He has s*x with girls the minute they turn 18, and he films it.
Uh, here he is.
His website's called finallyfairgame.com.
: Ugh. Auditions girls from all over the country.
Detective, I take it that you are checking to see if any of those young women are underage.
Or if Bo was maybe "rehearsing" with them before their birthdays, but couldn't prove it.
: Any chance this Bo guy resented your investigation and took it out on Hudson?
I doubt it.
When we had no luck on the underage-sex front, we passed the case on to Narco, thought they might have a better chance getting Bo on a drug charge, and we moved on.
Well, Hudson didn't.
I just found all this stuff in his apartment... fresh notes on McClaren, interviews with someone named "Juliet" dated this month.
It's not clear if he was working the case or the girl, ma'am.
Does the "Juliet" mean something to you?
No, not that I can think of.
Uh-huh. So, tell me, Valdez, this vacation that Hudson was supposedly on...
Was it planned?
Not exactly.
Four days ago, he asked for the week off.
Look, he needed some personal leave... doesn't make him a bad cop.
: No, what makes him a bad cop are the 20 grams of meth we found on his body.
Meth? Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Nobody mentioned any drugs here.
No one's mentioning it again outside of this room until we know for an absolute certainty how it connects to an L.A.P.D. officer.
Well, Hudson used to work in Narco.
Maybe he used those contacts.
No, no, no. I knew Drew.
He wasn't dirty.
He was a great cop and a great human being.
I personally will vouch for him...
Detective, however you feel about Hudson, he was still involved somehow, one way or the other, with Bo McClaren.
Captain, we have prepped a security video from the hotel bar.
Andy, would you please invite our famous young p0rn star in for a chat?
This way, please.
And let me know when my visitor arrives.
[Door opens]
[Clears throat] So...
We're all going to get to see how you dress for a date.
Detective Drew Hudson enters the bar at 7:27 alone about 20 minutes before Julio.
Fast-forward, Buzz.
[Keyboard clacks]
Detective Hudson doesn't talk to anybody.
When Sanchez comes in, he sits and waits for a while.
You didn't take off your tie?
Nothing happens for a half an hour.
Seemed longer.
: Julio goes up to the bar, has the brief exchange with our victim he told us about, and he leaves.
And then, seven minutes later, this woman enters.
: Stop right there.
[Keyboard clacks]
Can you enlarge her face, Buzz?
[Keyboard clacking]
[Computer dings, warbles]
Wow. Look at that resolution.
Detective Valdez, do you recognize this woman?
Could she be our Juliet?
[Exhales softly]
I have no idea.
: Okay, then. Moving on.
Madame X speaks with Detective Hudson for about 20 minutes.
Nothing unusual happens until he starts getting ready to leave.
And she gives him some sort of... an envelope, maybe?
That envelope wasn't on the body.
This woman didn't follow him out?
: No. The bartenders change shifts, and then she drinks until last call.
[Cellphone chimes]
: Hope she didn't drive herself home.
Um, Detective Valdez, please forward all information relating to the Bo McClaren investigation to Major Crimes.
Everyone else, let's try to identify this woman.
Excuse me.
[Door opens]
[Keyboard clacks, computer dings]
[Door opens]
[Beck exhales sharply]
I'm... I-I'm sorry.
Uh...
[Door closes]
I'm sorry to interrupt you at work.
I just... I didn't want to discuss it on the phone, and it affects our son.
I'm sure we can work something out.
Have a seat, Sharon.
Have a seat.
So, um, something happened when I was with Gary last winter, somethinthat I didn't know about until later.
And you're worried it will affect your deal?
No, it's not that.
I, um...
I'm pregnant.
I'm about four months along.
Um, it was a big surprise, and I didn't mention it sooner because the doctor said there was still a chance that I could miscarry, but now it looks like I'm doing really well, so...
Sharon, that's, um...
That's wonderful.
Mm.
I'm so glad you feel that way.
Mm.
It's just, um, I don't know what Rusty's gonna think, and I've gotten to the point where I'm afraid of his reactions to things.
Mm.
So, I was wondering if, um...
You would like me to tell him?
Would you?
Mm.
Gary won't be involved in the baby's life at all... or mine.
And I just... I'm just hoping that Rusty sees this as an opportunity to be a big brother, and that he'll be happy about it.
Yeah... he could be.
Although I do think he'll have some questions.
Yeah. He always has questions.
Let's just hope they're easier than usual.
:  Do you know what day this is, Madeline?
Tell us... Why is this day important to you?
It's my birthday.
See?
18 as of midnight.
And how are you gonna celebrate?
I think that's all we can comfortably watch together.
Speak for yourself. I'm proud of my work.
Although, of course, this is unedited.
We only shot it four days ago.
But I like to start my frequent meetings at the L.A.P.D. with a demonstration of how helpful I can be.
So, in addition to coming in without my lawyer, I like to do a little... it's called a "show and tell."
Be our guest.
Now, forgive me if this part seems over-rehearsed.
I've just had to perform it many, many times.
18 and Out Entertainment is a legitimate business complying with every law... state, federal, and municipal.
Here you'll find my tax information...
[Lunchbox unzipping]
...dating back to 2010, as I have be audited every single year.
These are records of STD testing...
Patrice's idea of my lunch.
...required of every performer before and during each shoot.
And here are our permits, my business license, our insurance policy, as well as... some customer reviews... just for kicks.
Reviews, huh?
People love my work.
Where do you find your co-stars...
[Sighs]
...the 18-year-old girls?
These women find me, Detective.
They submit themselves, either through my website or one of our other social-media platforms.
The p0rn industry isn't always respectful to women.
I am.
I treat these women as adults, which, legally, they are.
Were you with one of these "adults" last night?
No.
I was home alone, went to sleep around 9:00, woke up at 6:00.
That's early to bed, early to rise for an actor like you.
Hey, series work can be a grind.
I need to look my best for camera.
You don't seem surprised that we're asking you for an alibi.
I'm used to being on the shit-list of every cop in the L.A.P.D.
Including this guy's?
Yes, including Detective Hudson.
He questioned me a few times, sent city employees out to check our permits, convince landlords it was a health hazard to rent to us.
A real jerk.
Though, of course, condolences to his family and all that.
What happened to him?
He was murdered last night in a house with your company's name on the lease agreement.
I already told you where I was.
I've installed security cameras all around my duplex just so the L.A.P.D. can confirm my whereabouts whenever necessary.
: Does anybody want to watch any more video of this asshole?
Beyond that, I don't know how I can help.
Not while I'm having this fabulous lunch.
Maybe, uh, patrol can bring it in later.
: Do you know this woman?
Yeah. That's Lisa Cornell.
She's my producing partner. Why?
Lieutenant. Mike.
At least now we know where she works.
Look, if this is... if this is about murder, maybe I should get my attorney involved.
You could.
Though, I have to say, that would bring an end to us looking at you as being 100% cooperative.
: Well, maybe you can tell us why we found Detective Hudson dead in a house rented by your company right after he was seen having drinks with your partner.
: I was trying to get him to leave us alone.
[Exhales sharply]
I gave him $15,000 cash. That's what was in the envelope.
So, you paid off Detective Hudson to get him to drop his investigation into 18 and Out?
No!
No, I was trying to get him to stop selling drugs to our performers.
Drugs? What kind of drugs?
Meth, mostly.
But also X and Molly.
Look, I'm a producer.
I also supervise the makeup for all of Bo's co-stars.
That close to their faces, I could tell that the girls were getting high.
We are supposed to be a completely drug-free set, no alcohol, even.
But Drew kept coming around, offering the girls great deals, and not every payment that he accepted was in cash, either.
: $15,000.
You find any money on Detective Hudson's body?
Just a few 20s.
But our friend Bo over here didn't mention that Hudson visited the sets.
Well, he also failed to mention the freely flowing meth.
Who would you people have believed... me or him?
: Why pay him off last night?
Specifically, what changed?
The drugs... They got way too strong or tainted.
[Voice breaking] There were two girls...
Jodi Albertson and Kim Murphy... they overdosed, both of them.
It was after they left set, but [Sobs] I think that it finally dawned on Drew that he could get caught, and I took the opportunity to negotiate his departure.
Buzz, contact Dr. Morales and get some information on Jodi Albertson and Kim Murphy, please.
I wasn't bribing a police officer.
I was paying a drug dealer to leave me alone.
Is that against the law?
What did Bo have to say about that?
He doesn't know.
And seeing as it concerns drugs, he doesn't want to know.
He won't notice $15,000 missing from the accounts?
Bo doesn't deal with the bills.
As he likes to tell it, I'm the workhorse.
He's the stud.
The only number that he cares about is how many women that he's...
[Sighs] Well, you know.
Any idea how Drew wound up dead at one of your locations just a few hours after you paid him off?
Not a clue.
In fact, just sitting there and talking with him... it shook me up so badly that I... I needed to have a few drinks.
: Uh, Captain?
Uh, Dr. Morales says that Jodi and Kim's bodies have already been released to their families.
He does, however, have another young lady who came in recently... same cause of death.
: Overdose from a mixture of meth and antidepressants.
Antidepressants are uppers built to built energy and mood.
Meth is an upper, too.
So if you take too much of both, your heart goes into cardiac arrest.
Her brother's in town now from Salt Lake City waiting for us to release her body.
What about Jodi Albertson and Kim Murphy?
Overdose on the same drug combo, which is how I was able to identify the intoxicants in this young girl so quickly, not that it's a particularly rare form of substance abuse.
Lots of teens being treated for depression use meth without realizing it messes with their heart.
But the pattern here is... striking.
How so?
The two previous girls, like Madeline, died on or right after their birthdays.
And they were all just 18.
Flynn: ...just 18.
Yeah. We know.
♪ ♪
[Static]
: This security video from the ATM where your father and uncle were killed, it'll be pretty gruesome, Buzz.
You want me to watch it first?
Also, the official report says that the police reviewed the tape, like, 100 times.
Do you really think that you might see something they missed?
No, but there have been a lot of technological advances since 1986.
I could digitize the video and run it through some software designed to extrapolate from still images, and that might give us a little something to follow-up on.
[VCR clicking]
[Sighs]
This old VCR is not working.
Maybe Lieutenant Tao can help you.
This is my problem, and I am not bothering Lieutenant Tao with some old case that doesn't concern anyone else but me.
I asked him one question last week, and that's it.
Y-yeah, no, I-I understand not wanting to ask anyone else for help.
But we have a segment of "Identity" to do, Buzz.
So, how... how long do you think it's gonna take you to fix all this?
[Keypad beeping]
Or is there another part of the story we could tell, maybe?
Rusty, do you have minute?
Uh, well, hopefully, I'm about to record my next post.
Oh, um, the, uh... the communications department decided to stream "Identity" on their website.
Oh! That's wonderful.
Will I see you at home later?
I was planning to stay over at Gus' tonight while his roommate's out of town. Why?
Uh, Captain, we got Madeline's death investigation from Beverly Hills.
[Exhales] Um...
What's... what's going on? Is everything okay?
Nothing to worry about.
Um, we'll talk tomorrow.
Buzz, take your time.
I'll let you know if we need you.
Mom says you can take your time.
I've taken 30 years. Another day won't hurt me.
Anyway, I can't let this interfere with my job.
But... but she... she just said...
Look, this may be a story for you, but it's my life, and this is how I have to get it done.
[Sighs] Man.
[Exhales] Oh, the 20th century.
: The detectives from Beverly Hills PD treated Madeline Kimball's death as an accidental overdose.
But her hair samples were negative for long-term abuse.
She could have been a first-time user, or she didn't take the drugs willingly.
Is there any connection between Madeline and Detective Hudson?
Uh, two, ma'am.
First, her body was found in a room at the Fontenot Hotel, where she'd been staying for a month.
And Bo McClaren was footing the bill.
Any other connection?
Well, we got Madeline's phone from Beverly Hills PD, and it's got both Bo and Drew Hudson's names in her Snapchat contacts.
Maybe Bo got jealous... killed Madeline, then Drew Hudson.
Uh, patrol e-mailed us security footage from Bo's house.
His alibi for Drew's murder looks legitimate.
He has millions of dollars, so whether he just didn't like being investigated, or our cop was moving in on his girlfriend, he could have hired someone to off Hudson.
Well, either way, that's not enough for a search warrant, so what do you want to do now?
Dr. Morales said that Madeline's older brother is here waiting to take her body home.
Let's see what he knows.
: Bo was the worst thing that's ever happened to her.
Let me show you.
Before she met Bo, these were the types of pictures she posted.
And then that jerk started talking to her online, encouraging her to open a new account and post things like this.
: He hasn't called a lawyer?
: He's not really a suspect.
If his sister bought drugs from a dirty cop, he has a civil suit against us the size of our budget.
Well, finding Detective Hudson's killer is our first priority.
Yes, but the money is a very close second, though... extremely close.
: So, you think all these photos are the result of Bo's influence?
Of course they are.
And they sent her Instagram followers through the roof.
Her pictures got reposted everywhere.
I always thought that girls t-that needed this kind of attention came from broken homes or whatever, but Madeline...
Madeline was loved.
And all it took to ruin everything was Bo flying up to see her.
W-Wait. Bo McClaren went to Salt Lake before she turned 18?
Yeah.
Yeah, and Madeline didn't tell us.
But I started following Bo on Instagram, too, and he posted a picture of her... in person... and then all these guys started making disgusting comments on them.
[Computer beeps]
: Yep.
There's a post geo-tagged in Salt Lake on Bo's Instagram account... two months old.
Caption reads, "Scouting new talent in Utah. Can't wait to give Madeline the ultimate birthday present."
Did Madeline post this photo, too?
Did he send it to her?
Uh, we can image-search the picture and see where else it turns up.
...into thinking that she was special, to con her into coming to L.A.
When did Madeline fly out?
About a month ago, right after graduation.
Bo must have sent her a ticket, because we didn't even know she was gone until after she landed.
I thought that that cop that met her at the airport might have changed her mind, but...
What cop... Hudson?
Hudson met her at the airport? Why?
Could you panic more quietly, please?
We need to hear this.
: What do you mean, she met a cop at the airport?
What, you guys didn't know?
She said that there was a detective from the L.A.P.D. waiting for her when she got off the plane.
Did she mention the officer's name?
No. She thought that I called the L.A.P.D. to bring her home, and... and left me this screaming voicemail.
[Computer beeps]
There she is.
After that message...
Oh, boy.
...we didn't hear from her for weeks.
Look at the name on Madeline's new Instagram account.
"Juliet2yourRomeo."
"Juliet" was the name in Hudson's files about Bo McClaren.
: He wasn't selling her drugs.
He was using her as a criminal informant.
...waiting for her birthday to...
: Oh, God.
He put he a minor in this cesspool as a C.I. without protection, and she died?
Just when I thought things couldn't get any worse.
I have to loop the City Attorney here on this right away.
I tried to tell her...
[Door opens]
...to reach out to that cop, you know?
If Hudson was just trying to roll up Bo McClaren's operations on his own using Madeline...
Then he... he took his own vacation to find Madeline's killer.
He's not a dirty cop.
No. But by going solo, he got himself killed, and probably Madeline, too.
Which is why we don't investigate criminal suspects alone.
Do you guys... do you know if she filmed anything yet?
Oh, no.
We can't let him release that.
I mean, she's dead!
Surely he wouldn't post that.
: I'm beginning to wonder about how low you can go, Mr. McClaren.
We know that you use girls who mean nothing to you for financial gain.
But apparently you're scumbag enough to do it the ones you care about, too.
Can we skip the insults and just get right to the questions?
And you can address me, not my client.
He put Madeline up in a fancy hotel, wined and dined her more than his other "co-stars."
So what? Taking a girl out to dinner isn't against the law, even in Utah.
Why didn't he mention her to us before?
You were questioning Bo about the death of Drew Hudson.
Madeline's accidental overdose never came up.
We're not so sure it was accidental.
Maybe your client gave Madeline an overdose, Charles, to shut her up.
To shut her up? What for?
Bo, not another word.
You let them explain, you let me respond.
Madeline cozied up to Detective Hudson by telling him about you drugging teenage girls.
You had to keep her quiet, and Hudson, too.
Does he seem genuinely surprised?
Don't forget, he's an actor.
: This wasn't about my client.
He knew nothing about the drugs... Tell them.
I never bought drugs, never gave girls drugs.
I'm not part of that process.
: Oh. So now it's a "process."
I never touch drugs.
No, you just knowingly look the other way while three girls die.
Three girls?! What?!
Jodi Albertson, Kim Murphy.
They died from the same batch of...
No, they did not!
Jodi and Kim went back home to Indiana and Idaho!
They went to the morgue!
Okay. Lisa told me they'd left.
She told me they just went home.
If somebody was getting these girls drugs, it was Lisa, not me.
Lisa... your partner/makeup artist.
Why was she giving these girls drugs?
Sometimes these gir... women get stage fright, okay?
Lisa used to act herself, so she knows...
: Okay, that's it.
Bo doesn't take drugs himself, and he doesn't give drugs to the girls, all right?
If this is true, then Lisa lied to us about everything.
Maybe Lisa also lied about the murder.
: ...Cope with being naked on camera in different ways.
And, as we all know, if, uh, an actress develops a case of nerves, production and scheduling demands that producers help them out.
"As we all know"? Really?
...And sets and locations can be...
Excuse me.
...intimidating places for newcomers making film debuts.
[Door closes]
[Door opens]
: All right, Bo.
If you weren't personally involved in giving the girls drugs and you want to prove it, call Lisa right now.
Tell her you want to rush and film something with a couple of new performers tomorrow.
And that your co-stars seem like they might be very anxious.
♪ ♪
[Rusty exhales softly]
[Door closes]
Hey!
I thought you'd be at work already.
We set a trap last night for our suspects, and then we need to see if she takes the bait, which could happen at any moment.
So, why don't you sit down for a sec?
Okay.
Uh, what's going on?
Well... [Clears throat]
...your mother came to visit me yesterday.
Oh, no.
Well, it's not exactly negative.
What's that supposed to mean?
It means that she is pregnant, and, um, I'm afraid the father of the child is Gary.
This is real?
She said this?
Oh, my God. [Sighs]
I fully understand how this could be upsetting for you.
Oh, "upsetting"? Sharon, this is not just upsetting.
And I don't even know what to think about it myself, really.
But your mother is more stable.
So, getting pregnant with... with Gary's child is more stable?
Sharon, she has a job that doesn't even pay her enough to make rent.
She's house-sitting at different apartments, and... and right now is the longest she has been sober since I was 6 years old.
I see the challenges, and I also think about how fragile people in recovery can be.
I think about that a lot.
Yeah, but I...
I finally feel like she was...
[Cellphone vibrating]
...starting to get her life back on track, and...
Maybe it would help you to stop thinking about your mother and focus on what's best for the child.
Lieutenant, could you hold on a second?
You're not gonna like this either, but I told Sharon that she could come here tonight to talk to you about it.
Uh, she shouldn't have this baby.
That is your mother's choice, young man.
It's not yours.
Yes, Lieutenant?
On her way to meet Bo, our producer has made a pit stop at a familiar location.
: [Through cellphone] All right.
Let's hope we catch her in the act.
Oh, well, we're prepared for her reaction.
We'll call you back, 5 or 10.
Thanks.
[Footsteps approaching]
[Lisa clears throat]
Hi.
I'm here to, uh, pick up the to-go order.
Now, this is odd.
That you'd just walk up to a bar at this hour, my old expert on Internet dating here has an order waiting for you.
Uh, do you mind if we take a look in that bag?
Hey!
We got a runner headed outside!
[Panting]
L.A.P.D. Stay still.
In case you haven't figured it out yet, Ms. Cornell, you're under arrest.
Stop! L.A.P.D.! Stop!
Stop!
[Shouts indistinctly]
Don't move! Get your hands up!
[Panting]
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say...
[Handcuffs click]
...can and will be used against you in a court of law.
You have the right to an attorney.
If you cannot afford one, one will be appointed for you by the state.
[Sighs]
Well, that was unpleasant.
Any luck?
No.
Despite having his fingerprints on a large bag of drugs and running from the police, Brady the bartender has denied any wrongdoing and invoked his rights.
I've got him on distribution, but nothing on either murder.
Unless, in the search of his apartment, you guys found a knife matching up to Detective Hudson's wounds, hopefully with dried blood on it?
No, but we did find two keys belonging to the house where Hudson was murdered.
A location rented by Bo's company, and Lisa said she was in charge of all the business side of things.
Two keys?
Mm.
It's helpful, but still circumstantial.
The most frustrating thing about this...
Mm?
...is Bo McClaren will walk out of here free as a lark.
I'm not so sure about that.
: We're not interested in hearing you say, "I did it," Lisa, because that we already know.
We have two people... you and your buddy Brady the bartender... and only one deal to hand out.
: Hilarious.
Without Lisa's statement, nothing says Detective Drew Hudson wasn't selling drugs on the 18 and Out sets, too.
Except her business partner who's already given her up.
Oh, and by the way... It occurs to me that the family of this Madeline girl could end up with a big, fat lawsuit against the L.A.P.D. no matter what was going on.
So, instead of walking in here and saying, "Boo," why not make us a reasonable offer?
Okay, how about I prosecute Lisa for two murders instead of four?
Excuse me?
Wait, what?! Four?!
Uh, you remember Jodi and Kim... the girls that you were so weepy about yesterday?
They overdosed on your drugs.
Four murders?
Look, those young women took the drugs themselves.
They misused them.
And Lisa has an unbreakable alibi for when your cop was murdered.
Yes. She met Drew at the hotel so that you could get your alibi on camera.
Brady was finishing his shift.
As I settled my tab, he left while you and Drew were talking.
And Brady had a key to the location where Detective Hudson was stabbed to death... a location rented by you.
Do you know why you're so worried?
Because you know Brady and you know how scared he is.
He ran off, and he left you holding the bag!
If you don't talk to us, he will!
And at trial, the way you help vulnerable teens with their stage fright will be carefully explained to the jury.
And they won't like that.
It makes the death penalty sound like a public service.
: Yeah.
We have special circumstances wherever you look... double homicide, lying in wait.
What was the other one? Oh, I know... killing a cop.
I didn't kill him! I was at the bar! I d...
You didn't swing the ax, but you placed Detective Hudson's head on the block...
Oh! ...and that is good enough for Murder One.
So, you're gonna tell me everything I want to know right now, or I'm moving on to run-away Brady and you can take your chances in court.
[Whispering]
Come on, Lisa.
Give me what I need.
Give me what I need.
No murder charges, no consecutive sentences.
We take the max on manslaughter and possession with intent to distribute, all served concurrently... nothing else.
That depends on what her hypothetical statement sounds like.
I-I never gave meth to anybody that didn't want it.
And... and Bo was pleased that the scenes were going more smoothly, and that his... his co-stars, they seemed less inhibited.
But sometimes for... for these girls, the crash can be really hard.
Thank you, Lisa.
That was very helpful.
So, Brady read on the Internet that antidepressants can help to ease the come-down from the meth.
So you gave them to Jodi and Kim?
Look, I'm not a doctor, okay?
I didn't know that you can't mix these things!
And then, of course, the motel maids find Jodi and Kim, not me.
I-I didn't even know that they were dead for a couple of days.
What happened with Madeline?
It was her birthday, and I could tell that she was anxious, so I just offered her a little bump.
And just... she just couldn't handle it.
I guess she just didn't have a tolerance, and she went from zero to 60, and she just kept saying, "Oh, my God, it's happening to me! It's happening to me, just like it happened to Jodi and Kim!"
Only she had never even met Jodi or Kim!
So that's how you learned that Madeline was talking to Detective Hudson.
I had no idea the police were investigating anything until that moment.
And... and Madeline was so messed up that I... I had to drive her back to the hotel.
Where you handed her off to Brady, and you told him that she was an informant!
I didn't know that he was gonna deliberately gonna give her those antidepressants!
And she was friends with that cop!
: "That cop"?
That cop's name was Detective Drew Hudson.
Now, when Madeline died, Detective Hudson...
I thought that he was going to kill me.
I guess that he had been in daily contact with Madeline, and he was convinced that she was going to help him arrest Bo for drug dealing, at least, that's what he told me.
And Detective Hudson explained to me that he was working the case alone, 
: Then he'd find a way to keep you out of it.
So you set up a meeting with Hudson at the bar, lied to him... told him what?
That there were drugs hidden at the location in a bag with Bo's prints on it.
A-And, yes, I gave him the key to the house.
But, look, uh, this whole thing...
This was all Brady's plan. I argued against it.
She says all this in court before we arrest Brady on these charges so she can't take it back, and I give her one count of Murder Two, and one count of Conspiracy to Commit Murder.
Wait, wait! We were talking about...
That's what it's gonna be, Gilman, or I'll get what I need from Brady and you can take her statement and shove it up your ass.
: That's a double-homicide with a cop!
So, the bartender and the makeup artist go to jail, and the sexual predator... he goes free.
We'll see.
: And you do not want a jury...
We'll see.
...to pass judgment on your life.
Uh, Captain, I just spoke to Madeline's brother.
In return for his family not suing us, he wants to make sure all of Bo McClaren's video featuring his little sister is destroyed.
You think that's doable?
Very doable, and that also allows you to treat Detective Hudson's death as a tragedy for the L.A.P.D. and for his family.
Which it is, yes. Which it is.
McClaren and his attorney are waiting with Flynn by the elevator.
I'll go and ask them for the video, then.
Oh, no. I'll talk to them. Um, Amy?
And we're not going to ask for anything.
Come on. Come on.
♪ ♪
Uh, Lieutenant?
I'm having a problem with getting this old VCR to work, and if it's not too much trouble, I was...
Let me take a look at it.
: My mom still has a VCR, Buzz.
I may be able to help you.
[Stammers] Uh, okay, thank you.
: If you figure out how to program one of those things so that it actually records a show while you're having dinner, let me know.
[Scoffs]
Another $300 I could have spent drinking.
♪ ♪
Oh, my God. I thought all this bullshit was over.
It is. You're under arrest for I-don't-know-how-many counts of rape.
Excuse me?
Rape? What?
I've never raped anyone in my...
Are you kidding me?
Women submit applications to sleep with me.
You've made that very clear to us, and also that you don't use drugs.
He doesn't. Test him.
But the girls he had s*x with used drugs.
Okay, so, some of the girls used drugs.
How is that my problem?
Oh, my God.
"Oh, my God" is right.
What? What is it?
: If you knew the girls were high, they couldn't give their consent for s*x with you, asshole.
And you told us Lisa was drugging these girls.
And you just admitted you knew it... again.
Thank you for filming all of your sexual assaults.
: We'll be confiscating your video for trial.
[Elevator dings]
What?
Charles, you cannot let this happen to me!
This is complete bullshit!
: Let's go!
I'd never rape... Rape? Are you serious?!
Shut up!
[Elevator doors close]
Hey, Sharon.
Your moral values aside, these girls only got what they asked for.
Really?
The meth took away their ability to properly understand their actions.
When it comes to s*x, who properly understands their actions?
: I didn't exactly plan on having you, either.
Was that a mistake?
Look, I admit that your life was hard.
But you turned out okay.
Mom, the only reason we are even here, having this conversation, is because I witnessed a murder victim being buried in Griffith Park.
Are... are you planing on arranging something like that for your next kid, too?
Well, I can't have an abortion.
I'm too far along.
I'm... I'm not even suggesting that, Mom.
Well, what are you suggesting, besides that I'm a terrible person with no ability to change?
That you have the baby, Mom, but you put it up for adoption so that the child has a decent chance at a normal life.
[Sighs]
I won't hold anything that you just said... [Swallows] ...against you, Rusty.
Because I know I've done terrible things and Gary did terrible things.
But I... I can't do this all on my own.
So, if you can't support me... even a little bit... then... I might have to let someone else have my baby.
[Exhales sharply]
I will think about everything that you said...
...and you think about it, too.
Okay?
♪ ♪
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
