My fellow Americans, no hacker should be able to shut down our networks...
Data is inaccessible.
Or invade the privacy of American families.
You're being watched and recorded.
I urge this Congress to protect our children's information.
 now is the time to open your eyes.
 That's when I decided to hack you.
We are fsociety! We are finally free!
We are on the verge of taking down this virtual reality.
Exciting time in the world right now, exciting time.
So this is what a revolution looks like.
Why did you do it?
I wanted to save the world.
"Mr. Robot" won two Golden Globes, three Critics' Choice Awards, 
 fans found this show even before the critics showed up, even before the awards showed up.
"Mr. Robot" comes at a time where you can't turn on the television or read a newspaper without hearing about some massive corporate or government hack.
The only completely secure computer is a computer that no one can use.
Something incredibly prophetic happened on the show, almost, you know, weeks away from it happening in real life.
You look at the hacks that played out in season one... gaining access to Steel Mountain, 
 all of those are hacks that we read about in the news every week now.
The second season... it's very different from season one.
[ELECTRICITY POWERS UP]
And the Golden Globe goes to...
"Mr. Robot." Yep.
: "Mr. Robot" is about this sort of modern society and the way we're so dependent on technology 
 so it's really about this guy who cannot connect, and the only way he does so is by hacking people.
Wait, hold on. I'll give you the money. I'll pay you. How much do you want? I'll pay you.
[SIREN WAILS]
That's the part you were wrong about, Rohit. I don't give a sh1t about money.
What if you could take down one conglomerate, a conglomerate so deeply entrenched in the world's economy that "too big to fail" doesn't even come close to describing it?
Evil Corp, the people of the world who have been enslaved by you have been freed. Your financial data has been destroyed.
: "Mr. Robot" features a stellar ensemble cast led by the Critics' Choice Award winner for Best Actor, Rami Malek.
: Getting in Elliot's head, as odd as it seems, is, you know, something I really enjoy, 
 All of it is... it's something that consumes me.
: The relationship between Mr. Robot and Elliot... 
 to become part of this team of people 
I tried to protect you, son, but they caught up to us.
What are you talking about? That's Darlene and Angela.
Elliot, who are you talking to?
What do you mean? I'm talking to...
The world of hacking really is sort of an obscure world to the general population, so the fact that we broke out in any way like that is incredibly shocking.
: I think "Mr. Robot" made such an impression because of the timeliness. 
 I think that's always the sign of a show 
 I think "Mr. Robot" really taps into that.
: This is very much a show that could only exist in a post-WikiLeaks world. 
 When a cry goes up about the NSA or about Edward Snowden or something, a lot of people practically just shrug, like, "Yeah, yeah, probably... you're probably listening to my cell calls." That's crazy, but that's the state that we're in now. 
His was the easiest to hack. Password was 123456Seven. 
: Everything about us is all digital. It's all in a cloud.
 That's frightening.
 What they're tackling is something that's actually currently, right now happening.
There's always been a little bit of wish fulfillment to hacker stories in that they are the sort of modern superheroes.
: SHALL WE PLAY A GAME?
: Plus, we'll also discuss what's in store for season two.
But first, a word from our corporate overlords!
Why does it feel like they are still winning? Like they are gonna somehow figure their way out of this they always do, when, in the end, we'll be stuck with the bill. That what we did; made it worse for everyone, not better. We didn't finish them off. People everywhere came to support us. They need to know we haven't given up. That we meant what we said about changing the world.
Come on, kid. We got big things in store. Big things.
: SHALL WE PLAY A GAME?
 How about Global Thermonuclear War?
: Ronald Reagan was apparently shown the movie "WarGames," and he commissioned, you know, a study as to: Is this actually possible? And everybody was expecting the answer was, "No, you can't start, you know, a global thermonuclear war just by dialing up, you know, a computer accidentally and getting it to talk to you." And unfortunately, the answer came back going, "Well, um, this is a little more possible than we thought."
: I mean, I remember being a kid and watching Matthew Broderick do all that and going, "That's really cool. That's really awesome," you know? And, by the way, he saved the world.
: It's the first time that you saw Hollywood trying to depict what people could do with computers that went beyond just playing games and sending emails and got me even more excited in computers and computer hacking.
: Everybody has a different answer on what a hacker is or what is a hack, but for me, it comes down to making technology do stuff it was never meant to do.
 because they point out how, oftentimes, it's very simplistic, the hacking mechanism. 
 It's not that they cracked some code or some encryption. It's that they sent an email, 
 or that they called up on the phone and pretended that they were, you know, a technical person 
Hello?
Hi, this is Sam from Bank of E security fraud department. Unfortunately, I have to inform you that your account's been compromised.
First, before I can answer any questions, I need to verify some information. Are you still at 306 Hawthorne Avenue?
Yes, apartment 2C.
Great, and your security question, favorite baseball team.
I don't remember this being a security question.
And lastly, your pet's name.
With those details plus a dictionary brute-force attack, it'll take my program maybe two minutes to crack his password.
: The last five, ten years, hacking has become like a new superpower that hasn't been invented, and because of everyone's reliance on technology and all your personal information being online, 
Hacking her was simple. Her password: Dylan 2791. Favorite artist and the year in which she was born, backwards.
People are horrible at being sources of randomness, so, you know, somebody might think, "Oh, I used my dog's name, my baby's name, and the birth... and the birth date." That's a horrible password. It might seem complicated to you, but we know how you think because you're a human, and humans are predictable.
: "Hackers," you know, it used to be a nasty word. It was, like, synonymous with "criminal," but now they're part of the system.
: So a white hat hacker is one who would be hired by a corporation 
 for the sole purpose of finding the flaws, 
 And then there's the middle ground, which is grey hat.
I would characterize the members of fsociety 
The entire company's gonna be reeling from all the data dumps we've got in store for them, and, man, do we have some goodies. Some good old-fashioned executive racism, sexism, fascism. Trust me... we are gonna "ism" so much all over them, they won't be able to see straight.
: Elliot, he's probably depicted more accurate than I've seen in a long time, not just for the technical capabilities and how it is but the actual, like, psychological profile. 
I hate when I can't hold in my loneliness. This crying's been happening too often, every other week now. What do normal people do when they get this sad?
He's such a complicated character. 
 He looks down on the people that he cares about, 
His abandonment issues are actually something that I believe personally and I've seen in my work. I think it is a big motivator on why people get into hacking.
 He's very lonely. He doesn't know how to connect with people, so he hacks into their lives. 
 and have more of a human connection with one another.
I like you, bro, and I want you to like me too.
When you're socially awkward, or you're worried about people judging you, 
: But when hackers do come together and groups are formed, leaders emerge.
You want to talk about reality? We haven't lived in anything remotely close to it since the turn of the century. We turned it off, took out the batteries, snacked on a bag of GMOs while we tossed the remnants in the ever-expanding dumpster of the human condition. We live in branded houses, trademarked by corporations, built on bipolar numbers.
 but when you meet them they're actually really extroverted and, like, passionate and principled.
I didn't want to hurt you, Romero. I just wanted you to come back to the arcade with me so we could change the world together.
Do I think Elliot needs Mr. Robot? 
 He is that darker side that will sometimes do things that Elliot otherwise would be incapable of doing.
The Sony hack got a lot of notoriety. 
 Our show is getting a lot of notoriety because of the real world connections.
We kind of, like, press the gas pedal down really hard.
Gotten to know my stunt double more this season, so that might say something.
: "Mr. Robot's" authentic portrayal of computer hacking has alerted us to the real-world dangers we all face. Now we'll find out just how much we're at risk. This is "Mr. Robot dec0d3d."
This kid should not be allowed to do what he did. He hacked into my private life. And then those Ashley Madison dumps happened. My wife found out about everything anyway. She left me.
: I don't know that a TV show can necessarily predict the future, but certainly, they can hold a mirror up to the direction in which we're headed.
: There were two instances on "Mr. Robot" where something incredibly prophetic happened on the show weeks away from it happening in real life. The Ashley Madison hacks were one.
You know, one of the escorts was 15.
: And then the other one was the shooting of the news anchor 
 that the finale had to be delayed a week just out of sensitivity. These aren't just isolated incidences that exist in a bubble. These are things that are symptoms of larger things going on in our society.
I think a lot of "Mr. Robot" and the hacks in it 
It's happening, it's happening, it's happening, it's happening.
The hacks that are happening every week in the real world are stranger than fiction almost.
Power plants hacked, a movie not released because North Korea was upset, some of the biggest retailers in the world lose millions and millions worth of credit cards or data, hospitals shut down because all their files got encrypted by someone trying to get ransom out of them. These all sound like the storylines of a TV show about hacking, but it's actually happening now.
"Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson released a statement today stating that these groups lack the resources and knowledge of the USL to successfully mount an attack," end quote.
There are some brilliant people out there, 
 that can do amazing things with computers.
You got this, you got this, you got this.
And it's both inspiring and kind of scary sometimes to see that.
[CELL PHONE BUZZING]
I, uh... I have to go. I'm sorry. I need to go to my office.
What'd you do?
I spoofed a text from her husband.
: So, yeah, probably the most alarming hack we've seen was the Sony hack where not only, you know, all of these email archives were compromised, but also it was released on a schedule of, you know, every week we're gonna have another one of these, until you meet with our demands.
They hit the mother lode during the breach, potentially terabytes worth of email and files. They're threatening to dump everything. They released the video this morning.
Meet our demands and we will consider not destroying you. Consider yourself warned.
This is, you know, a way to hold power accountable. It can also be used to harass and to silence and really as an instrument of fear.
The writers have tapped into the paranoia that we all now feel, that all of our information is just ripe for the taking.
He got into my system, and he wants me to the put the CD on one of the computers at work.
I don't know, Stella. He didn't give me a full explanation.
Is that the only thing you're seriously taking away from this conversation?
[SIGHS]
Hey, babe.
"Mr. Robot" is absolutely showing everyone that we are living in a society right now 
 You maybe can't trust many people at all.
The more accessible we make ourselves, the more people are probably going to be able to take advantage of that. By the end of watching season one of "Mr. Robot," anyone who previously just typed away on a computer, you're probably going about those transactions now with just a little more caution, 
[CELL PHONE BUZZING]
: Telecommunications companies have been cooperating with law enforcement and intelligence agencies for nearly a century. And so you have the FBI saying "Oh, we can't hack into your iPhone. We need your help in doing it." And Apple is saying, "Our stuff is so secure, it's a danger to everybody if we help you out on this."
: NSA and the intelligence community in general is focused on getting intelligence wherever it can, 
 to target someone associated with a foreign government, or someone that they suspect of terrorism, they're collecting your communications to do so.
 and everybody would say yes. And then, you ask them, "Well, should they be able to hack into your phone?" and everybody would say no. 
 or any other corporation has into our data.
: Any analyst at any time can target anyone, from you or your accountant to a federal judge to even the president, if I had a personal email.
: Ben Franklin said it best: "Those who give up liberty for security will have neither."
Every single hack that we show on the show is possible.
Our infinite loop of insanity.
: "Mr. Robot's" authentic portrayal of computer hacking has alerted us to the real-world dangers we all face. Now we'll find out just how much we're at risk. This is "Mr. Robot dec0d3d."
Maybe we should consider rehab.
I'm not a junkie.
Then you'll need to prove it to me. Submit to a bi-monthly drug test, voluntarily. That's the only way that I'll recommend your release.
: "Mr. Robot's" popularity with many of its most fervent fans can largely be attributed to its realistic portrayal of computer technology. That's the purview of technical consultant Kor Adana.
: I'm involved in every aspect of all the tech that you see on the show. 
 It's not your typical tech consulting gig.
: Too many movies or TV shows try to make hacking just magic, and they don't explain it. 
: I think one of the greatest compliments we can get is just how realistic and authentic the show actually 
: One of the things that's so great about the show is that you'll actually learn a few things.
This is bad, worst DDoS attack I've ever seen.
 to overload a system to take it down for, you know, a temporary amount of time.
: 
 and if you have too many signals at the same time, the real signal can't get through.
Tried to reboot the servers, but they're not coming back up. Dude, someone is straight up finger blasting their entire network right now.
: I've learned quite a bit, maybe too much. It's kind of scary, mm, what I'm capable of these days.
: People are screen-capturing the images on the computer screens, and looking at them to see if they're real. 
 to make that an authentic load-up sequence.
All of the screens are designed, essentially, by me, and I work with animators to achieve those 
: I think details like that really enriches and deepens the world.
: 
 that's not too detached from our own.
: The US and Israel had a joint operation 
 that hacked into the computers 
 And about half of Iran's centrifuges were destroyed. It probably slowed down their nuclear program by three years.
To think about the steps that are required 
 is incredible.
He wants to hack Steel Mountain's climate control system, raise the facility's heat high enough to destroy all the tapes.
And you think sticking this behind the thermostat will do all that?
From a authenticity standpoint, if you wanted to hack a major corporation, 
 at a location like Steel Mountain.
There. Deep in the Adirondacks. In 145-plus acre former limestone mine. 3-ton steel gates, 24/7 armed guards, closed circuit cameras, NOC staffing.
A fair amount of the plots and techniques and the hacks and the approaches in "Mr. Robot" are actually plausible.
The reason they're plausible: it's 90% preparation and only 10% execution. 
 so that you can execute it, you know, when the time is right.
All we need is one security flaw.
Look at this place, man. It was built not to have any.
I see about... six walking around.
The social engineering component of hacking, I think, is one of the most important aspects of it. 
Bill Harper is our first exploit.
He isn't gonna give the search much scrutiny.
He'll get us to Level 1, but Bill is not gonna be able to get us to Level 2.
And we need to get to Level 2. You're gonna ask to speak to his supervisor, Wendy. She'll get us to exactly where we need to be. Then we'll be able to get rid of her from the van. After that, you connect the Raspberry Pi to the climate control system, and Bob's your uncle.
 what kind of software you have on your system. There's always gonna be a human that has access to information that's important. And you can always find a way to manipulate that person.
People are all just people, right? When it gets down to it, everyone's the same. They love something. They want something. They fear something. Specifics help, but specifics don't change the way that everyone is vulnerable. It just changes the way that we access those vulnerabilities.
Great example of this is 
 to get through the door.
I really think you should look me up.
It... it just doesn't work like that. I'm sorry, sir.
 most of the time, they'll want to help you.
Mr. Sepiol? Mr. Sepiol! I have some good news.
They won't even know that they're giving you some kind of information that will help you hack their system later. But it happens all the time.
If you feel that there is injustice, sometimes the only way to deal with it is to out-monster the monster.
: "Mr. Robot's" authentic portrayal of computer hacking has alerted us to the real-world dangers we all face. Now, we'll find out just how much we're at risk. This is "Mr. Robot dec0d3d."
You're blowing up a gas pipeline.
The world is a dangerous place, Elliot. Not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing. This is war. People will die. 
I'm not killing anyone.
Tell me one thing, Elliot. Are you a one or a zero? That's the question you have to ask yourself. Are you a yes or a no? Are you gonna act or not?
Hacktivism is the act of compromising a computer system or a network with a political agenda in mind.
In many cases, hacktivism takes the form of anti-establishment points of view.
A lot of fsociety and the mask is obviously 
 back when they had their campaign against the Church of Scientology.
 definitely served as an inspiration for some of the content that you see on "Mr. Robot."
What the sh1t?
Holy sh1t. fsociety knows us.
Someone shut this off.
I have a very anti-corporate, anti-establishment spirit in me, and as much as I appreciate Occupy Wall Street, I think as an adult I want to use that anger to actually do something constructive and positive. And I think, like, for example, the Arab Spring 
 and really made change.
[ALL CHANTING]
: 
 If you're an activist in Bahrain, you need your email, you need your Facebook account to be secure, because if the government, which controls all the Internet infrastructure, 
 They're gonna take... come to your house and put a bag over your head and no one will ever see you again.
Now whatever it is you think you're doing freeing the world, freeing the masses, the guys I work for, they ain't motivated by "Kumbaya" sh1t like that.
 and it comes down to your own ideology, your own moral compass, and whether or not you feel passionate enough about that to act on it.
How come I'm not in trouble?
(laughs softly) Even though what you did was wrong, you're still a good kid. And that guy was a prick. Sometimes that matters more.
I think the reason it thematically resonates with people when you're watching a show like "Mr. Robot," if the antagonist is strong enough or if you feel that there is injustice coming from the antagonist, if there's an injustice in the world... sometimes the only way to deal with it is to out-monster the monster.
When you break down motivations of hackers, it's money, ideology, coercion, ego, or revenge, and sometimes criss and cross.
This isn't even about my revolution. This is more than that for you. This is about how those bastards slowly killed your father and how you wished he'd done something about it, but he didn't because he was a zero, just like you're being right now.
: It's just a basic question of, you know, when does the good outweigh the bad and vice versa? You know, the very massive ethical questions that this show will pose.
[ALL CHEERING]
: We'll see if Elliot and everybody in fsociety... are saving the world or destroying it.
It's not a fantasy. It's not science fiction.
Amen, amen, amen!
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
: USA Network's "Mr. Robot" is groundbreaking television, with cutting edge storylines, detailed world building, and uncanny parallels to current events.
: Certainly a subject matter that has become more and more relevant as... as the year has gone on.
So this is what our evolution Looks like: a simple program, a worm that can make data unreadable. Is that really all it takes to kill the world?
: But could the fsociety hack portrayed in the show actually happen? What would the fallout of such a hack look like?
: So we have plenty of companies that kind of fall into that "too big to fail" moniker. 
 what the impact of a destructive hack against them could have on... on society.
: You could wreck large sectors of the power grid. 
: There are some key vulnerabilities within our national infrastructure. 
:A lone hacker really can do immense damage, or they can do immense good. It's just all in the motivation.
:I think it'd be possible. Are there ramifications to that? Of course. 
There's gonna be, I bet, a lot of people coming for them. You know, law enforcement's gonna be coming in season two. It has to.
:So we come back in season two and the hack has gone through and kind of destroyed the world.
:Now that Elliot knows who Mr. Robot is, it's very different from last year. 
: In the second season, the story really picks up and... and moves forward. You know, we set up all the characters, 
 We're really going into an ensemble sort of version of the show. 
Just watching that struggle and seeing people 
 and continue to fight, 
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
♪ ♪
In the second season, all the characters have sort of evolved. The world is very different.
Expect to be a little surprised because we're going down a very different direction than the road we went down in season one.
 When I was reading these scripts, and I was just saying, "Oh, my God."
:There's these clues that you kind of strand together. I mean, we were like, Reddit people discussing with each other what we thought would happen.
He comes up with some crazy stuff.
I don't know what I'm supposed to do.
Working with the tech advisor has got me to change the way I conduct myself.
Someone actually asked me the other day if I wanted to hack them, could I? Unfortunately, the answer was no, and I really wish it was yes.
I tend to be paranoid about my own information. My drives, my phone.
The microphone you have on your computer can be accessed. The camera, as much as people don't think it can be accessed, it can.
I tell other people to tape the camera on their laptop.
Oh, yeah, put the piece of tape on your laptop. Absolutely a must.
I was literally actually about to get tape and do that.
That's great. I've infected my paranoia with everyone.
I remember that I woke up three days later.
And what happened in those three days?
There hasn't been anything like this in the past. This is going to be affecting our economony in ways that are extraordinarily significant. The FBI announced today that ******* **lling and fsociety is engaged in this *****.
***
People everywhere came to support us, and right now they need to know we haven't given up; that we meant what we said about changing the world.
Round and round we go. You not knowing what you did or didn't do. Our infinite loop of insanity.
I will follow my dreams *** ******* ** * *****.
I'm sorry, my dear, this is all in your head.
There's no order. There's no power.
There is more work to be done.
Our revolution needs a leader.
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
