Previously on "Nashville"...
Given everything you two have been through, why is it finally working now?
It only works 'cause we're The Exes.
: It was my first acting gig.
I highly doubt I'm gonna get nominated for an Oscar.
Oh, yes!
I think we should give it a shot.
: Avery had a choice and he chose her?
Being gay is not an issue, Oh?
Certainly not for me.
I'm emancipating from you.
It's your damn daughter sinking her fangs into my little girl.
Watch your mouth.
I'm...
Frankie and Cash are filing restraining orders against us.
: An emancipation will be granted.
[Cheers and applause]
♪ I don't wanna be strong tonight ♪

♪ Don't wanna hear "It'll be okay" ♪

♪ Don't wanna look on the bright side ♪

♪ Don't wanna learn from my mistakes ♪

♪ Don't wanna cheer up ♪

♪ Don't feel like smilin' ♪

♪ To hell with lookin' for that silver linin' ♪

♪ I just wanna have a breakdown ♪

♪ I just wanna let my heart ache ♪

♪ Fall apart and get it all out ♪

♪ Leave proof of the pain tear-stained on my pillowcase ♪

♪ I don't wanna be strong tonight ♪
[Camera shutter clicking]
♪ I'm tired of holdin' it together... ♪
Okay. Come on, Maddie.
We want people to see you as strong, sexy.
So just, like, you know, work it. Yeah?
Okay.
Okay.
♪ I'm gonna hurt to feel better ♪
[Camera shutter clicking]
♪ Try my best not to apologize ♪

♪ Call me a sad mess, yeah, if you want to ♪

♪ Call me a train wreck ♪

♪ I know you're goin' to ♪
[Cellphone chimes]
♪ I just wanna have a breakdown ♪

♪ Fall apart and get it all out ♪
Who is that?
Nobody.
♪ Leave proof of the pain tear-stained on my pillowcase ♪
Maddie, Warner Bros. is in. Can you believe it?
That'll definitely jack up the bidding.
I kind of thought you'd be a little more excited.
What's wrong?
I just... I really wish I got more time to rehearse.
Are you sure we can't push the showcase?
My mom always says you just... you have one chance to make a first impression.
Look, it's normal to be nervous, and after the number your mom pulled on you, I'd be more surprised if you weren't.
See, Rayna always making you sing with your sister, she made you think that you can't do it alone.
But you can, Maddie. Trust me.
♪ I don't wanna be strong tonight ♪
You are ready.
♪ I don't wanna be strong tonight ♪
[Indistinct shouting]
[Camera shutters clicking]
: Juliette! Juliette!
Are you seeing anyone?
Oh, I only have eyes for my little girl right now.
Thank you.
I hate coming to things like this by myself.
No offense.
None taken.
I can't believe he chose her.
I put everything on the line, and he didn't want me.
I know it hurts right now, but you're going to be okay.
You will.
Just give it some time. It's only been a week.
We both know it's been longer than that.
♪
: See, this is why I don't like to leave you two alone.
I'm gone for a week and suddenly you're not speaking.
What happened?
I guess we just bring out the worst in each other.
Sorry.
What the hell is this?
I don't know. I-I didn't...
_
It looks like I'm a backup singer.
And it's like I'm barely mentioned in the article.
: That's not true.
Gunnar, you were with me the whole time I was with that reporter. I didn't do this.
No, I'm not... I'm not saying you did anything.
It's just [sighs] can we fix it?
I'll make a call.
[Sighs]
I'm sorry.
Thanks.
Shame on Luke Wheeler!
I mean, if you're gonna stand out there all night chanting, the least you could do is make it rhyme.
This isn't funny, Luke.
I mean, you really stirred up a hornet's nest, man.
I had to defend myself, Ken.
Well, you could've done that with one appearance.
Why the full-court press?
Will Lexington on line one.
Thanks.
Because I will not allow that woman to have the last word.
As long as she's out there stirring up the hatemongers, I'm gonna be out there fighting for what's right.
Will, what can I do for ya, son?
: Cynthia Davis somehow got my cell number, and her show's been calling me for three days straight.
I told them, "No comment," but they won't leave me alone.
I'm not sure what we can do about it, unless you want to respond to her on some of the friendlier news outlets with me.
No thanks. I already had to repaint my truck once.
Yeah.
I'll just ignore her, I guess.
Uh, listen, I'll let you go. We'll talk later.
[Cadence coos]
Oh, there's my girl.
Hey, I missed you, Cady.
: What was that about?
Cynthia Davis still giving you a hard time?
Yeah. Her show somehow got my cell number, and they've been calling me nonstop.
[Cellphone ringing]
Ugh.
All right, I'm putting the phone down the garbage disposal.
[Chuckles]
[Ringing continues]
What is it?
806 area code.
Home.
Hello?
W-Whoa, Aunt... Aunt Betty?
Wait. No. W-What's wrong?
Bucky wants to sit down with us tomorrow to go over the album launch.
How's 1:00 sound?
Can we do it earlier?
Avery's got a gig tomorrow afternoon.
He's really been wanting to play.
I'll see what I can do.
Hey, so, has Bucky mentioned anything about the research?
The... The launch is four days away.
I'm dying to know how the album's tracking.
Yeah... he did mention something about that.
And?
It's soft.
30,000, if we're lucky.
What?
But the advance copies are getting incredible reviews.
We can build on that for your next release.
I'm so tired of being patient. [Sighs]
Listen, you've been in two reality shows.
People think they know you.
They've already kind of made up their minds.
So you're saying I've had my 15 minutes?
Oh, no. No, no. That's not what I'm saying.
We just need to rebuild your brand, get people interested again, okay?
Yeah.
Just tell me what to do. I will do it.
I don't know. That's the point.
I don't even know what life looks like without Maddie in it or what our relationship looks like.
I can't figure out how to work through this.
Rayna, please, baby, just listen to me. I am sorry.
Hon, I can't do this anymore tonight, okay?
I'll... I'll talk to you tomorrow.
Good night.
[Cellphone beeps]
[Sighs]
I guess I don't have to ask how that went.
I'm just glad he's staying at his place.
Thank you. [Sighs]
I just want to think about something else for a minute.
Mm-hmm.
[Cellphone rings]
Hey, Buck.
: Hey, sorry to call so late, but I'm afraid I got a bombshell for you.
Cash is arranging a showcase for Maddie.
What? When?
Day after tomorrow.
How'd she pull that together so fast?
Maddie's only been emancipated for a week. Who's coming?
Not too many, but she managed to get a couple from New York, one from L.A., Warner Bros., I think one or two more.
But what really has me concerned is I think Lennox Hill is coming.
Lennox Hill?
Yeah.
And from what I hear around town, they are determined to get her.
Will you do me a favor, Bucky?
Will you please call travel and have them have a jet ready for us tomorrow morning?
8:00 a.m.
You got it.
Bye.
What's going on?
We're going back to Nashville.
♪
Come on. Meet and greet ends at 2:00.
You're gonna have plenty of time to change before the critics' reception.
New York last night, L.A. tomorrow night... who knew an Oscar nomination could be such a pain in the ass?
[Chuckles]
[Doorbell rings]
Oh, that would be your gowns.
Perfect timing.
I need to know what you're wearing so I can coordinate my outfit.
Your outfit?
[Cellphone chimes]
Come on.
It is bad enough that I'm taking my manager as my date.
Let's not show up looking like a prom couple.
Oh, wow.
What?
Apparently Maddie Conrad's going up for auction tomorrow.
She's already looking to sign with a big label.
Are you serious?
Yes.
No. She just got emancipated last week.
Well, somebody's giving her some really bad advice.
♪
Thanks.
Saw your big article. Very nice.
I'm a little confused, though.
I thought you were actually a member of The Exes.
Ah, very funny. It's my own fault.
I should've spoken up more in the interview.
Well, that is very generous of you.
I'm just saying you might want to watch your back.
Scarlett didn't mean for this to happen.
Neither did Stevie Nicks.
I'm just saying, for whatever reason, cute little blonde singers tend to get pushed up to the front.
Yeah, well, it's... it's not like that with me and Scarlett.
Well, I'm happy to hear that.
Hey, what are you doing later today?
Any chance you'd want to help me out with a lyric that's been fighting me?
You mean, like, write together?
Well, you are a professional songwriter.
Uh, yeah. It's just... It's been a while since I-I've written with anybody but Scarlett, so...
So? You're not married to her.
Come on. Write with me. It'll be fun.
All right. Sure. Let's do it.
And you know me...
Well, Deacon, you can't just give up. You got to keep trying.
I mean, if you can't get Rayna to listen to you, maybe you need to 
 her that you're sorry.
: I have called her, all right? I have texted her.
I've scrubbed graffiti off every damn building in Nashville.
I think I've shown her.
Okay, I say this with love, but court-mandated community service does not exactly drive your point home.
Okay. Fine.
What's your big idea?
I-I don't know.
Have you... you tried to make things right with Frankie?
Reached out? Apologized?
Frankie is the reason I'm in this situation, okay?
It's his fault.
Okay, see, that right there doesn't sound like somebody who's sorry.
In fact, it sounds like you're really not sorry.
Come on, Scarlett. Just stop, all right?
Deacon, you put a man in the hospital.
He attacked me.
And you attacked back.
You have some fault in this, and if you want people to believe that you're sorry, then you better start by actually being sorry.
[Sighs]
Did I tell you that I love you?
Yeah, you did.
I love you, too. I got to go.
["Kinda Dig the Feeling" plays]
[Cheers and applause]
♪ Well, your love's just like ♪

♪ Drivin' blind on a moonless night ♪

♪ Quotin' scripture in a knife fight ♪

♪ Back to the wall, too late for leavin' ♪

♪ Eatin' them apples in the Garden of Eden ♪

♪ Oh, oh, oh-oh ♪

♪ When I can't sleep ♪

♪ Who-o-oa ♪

♪ I'm in too deep ♪

♪ Can't look back, don't look down ♪

♪ Everything just spinnin' round... ♪
Oh, my God. You're Layla Grant.
Yeah.
Are you singing today?
No. I'm just here to support a friend.
Whoo!
[Guitar solo]
♪ Oh, oh, oh-oh ♪

♪ When I can't sleep ♪

♪ Who-o-oa ♪

♪ I'm in too deep ♪

♪ Can't look back, don't look down ♪

♪ Everything just spinnin' round the ceilin' ♪

♪ You slay me, amaze me, and I kinda dig the feelin' ♪
[Cheers and applause]
Thank you.
You were amazing.
I mean, you're my bandleader, so I already knew that you were amazing.
You blew me away.
Ah, I got to admit, it felt pretty damn good to be up there again.
Matter of fact, I am feeling pretty damn good about a lot of things lately.
[Moans]
[Camera shutter clicking]
Hey. What are you doing?
Hey!
Who the hell was that?
I have no idea.
Why was he taking pictures? Was he paparazzi?
I don't know. Come on. Let's go.
: Mr. Weaver is expecting you.
Thank you so much.
Hey, friend.
Rayna, hey, hey.
How you doing?
Hey, come on now.
Good to see ya.
You too. You too.
Thanks for agreeing to meet with me on such short notice.
Ah, of course.
So I'll just... I'll get right to it.
Mm-hmm.
Tupelo Creek doesn't have any plans on signing Maddie, right?
Ray, we've been friends for 20 years.
I'd never do that to you.
And I appreciate your loyalty.
The thing is, I actually want you to.
You want me to sign Maddie?
Yeah, I know it sounds crazy, but I'm hearing that Lennox Hill is trying to get in there.
Ah, God. Lennox Hill's in the mix?
Yeah, and you know that's exactly what I've been trying to protect her from.
So I want to try to make sure she lands someplace where she's gonna be treated right and taken care of, and that's with you, Doug. That's Tupelo Creek.
Would you consider it?
I was so, so happy you called.
How are you? Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm emancipated, which is awesome.
I mean, you did it, right, and it turned out great.
But there's a huge difference between you and me.
You have a family who loves you.
If I'd had that, I might've made different decisions.
Babe, it's not too late to change your mind.
You can always go back.
I can't.
And I don't want to.
Okay.
Well, if you're determined to do this, then I'm determined to help you out as much as I can.
So how about I loan you my lucky charm for your first showcase?
Been with me since the beginning. Hasn't let me down yet.
[Door opens]
I was standing right there.
You cut me out.
'Course we did.
Burned every picture we ever had of you, 'cause you stopped being our son a long time ago.
So is that why you didn't feel the need to tell me that my own mother died?
I didn't tell you because it's your fault.
She died of a broken heart.
Night after night, she's sit in her chair, holding her Bible, tears in her eyes.
She was never the same after you left.
Left? I was thrown out.
You drove me out to the middle of nowhere and left me to fend for myself.
Yeah, well, you weren't welcome 10 years ago, and you're not welcome now.
I drove all night to be here, to pay my respects.
Fine.
Stay the night if you have to, but you are not going to the service tomorrow.
Your mother deserves better.
She deserves peace.
♪
Hey. I talked to 
They've agreed to swap out the photo.
The article is what it is.
And, by the way, it's great.
Guys, this is still a win.
You're gonna be in frickin' 
 magazine.
All press is good press, which brings me to something else.
I just got an offer from an up-and-coming headphone company that's gonna do a series of ads featuring female artists.
Female artists?
Yeah.
They only want Scarlett for the commercial, but they'd use the single.
Be great for the band.
No, that's crazy. We're a duo.
Why do they want to split us up like that?
No, it's fine.
Seriously. Um, you heard what Noel said.
I think you should do it.
Okay, I don't care what y'all think about it.
It feels wrong to me, and we've been in a weird place since that interview, so I... I really need to think about it.
Okay, well, they need an answer by tomorrow.
You were a last-minute addition as it is, and they're not gonna wait.
Okay, well, I will let you know tomorrow.
♪
[iPad chimes]
Emily!
Emily!
What? You okay?
Call my publicist.
Tell them that I need a date for tomorrow night.
He needs to be young and hot and fun, and take this.
Tell me I don't look like that.
Oh.
Ugh!
: Okay, what the hell is going on?
_
How did these hit the Internet so fast?
_
I never realized how weird I look when I'm kissing someone.
Well, at least you have a... a name.
I'm just someone's baby daddy.
Okay, calm down. I'll call Glenn.
Maybe he could do something.
Like what? They're already on the Internet.
There's no taking it back.
Avery, everybody who's important to us already knows we're together.
What's the big deal?
Layla, I've been through this before, okay, and we agreed to keep this relationship private.
And now there are pictures. So what?
Why are you freaking out?
It's like...
I'm not freaking out.
Are you embarrassed to be seen with me? Is that what this is about?
What? No. Of course not.
Layla, th... that's...
You are!
You don't want to be seen with me.
That's not true.
Layla!
[Door closes]
[Sighs]
[Sighs]
Morning.
Where's Mom?
She had to go into the office today.
[Sighs] Oh.
But you know what that means, right?
You and me... we get to go play hooky.
So what do you say to mani-pedis?
And then I'll even throw in Hattie B's for lunch.
How's that sound?
Sure. I will go get ready.
[Cellphone ringing]
Hey.
: Where are you?
And please don't tell me that you're at the office, because I already checked there.
Rayna, what is going on?
Um... a lot.
Remember what that judge said about interfering, and Cash has that restraining order against you.
There is no way any judge or anybody else is gonna keep me from taking care of my daughter.
That's how this is gonna go.
Don't worry about me, hon.
I'll... I'll... I'll call you back in a little bit.
Bye.
♪
Maddie.
Glenn, you're here!
Of course I'm here.
It's a very big day, kiddo.
I know.
I'm sorry. I'm confused.
I didn't see your name on the invite list.
Oh, no, no, no.
Um, Juliette loaned me him for the day.
She calls Glenn her good-luck charm, and I figured we could use all the help we can get, right?
Right, well, that's why we hired Ty here.
Ty's one of the best entertainment lawyers in town.
Mm-hmm.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Now, lawyers and managers are two very different things with two very different areas of expertise.
Isn't that right, Ty?
Actually, yes, I would have to agree.
And since Maddie here doesn't have a manager yet, I thought my insight and experience would be helpful.
And since my services are free, can't beat the price.
[Laughter]
Well, welcome aboard.
Should've known you wouldn't give a damn about a restraining order.
: I ain't here to fight, Frankie.
I'm here to apologize face to face.
Now, look, me and you both know exactly what happened out back, right?
But I should not have come here that night, and I shouldn't have said those things about Cash, either.
I know you're just a father trying to stay in a relationship with his daughter, protect her.
God knows I get that.
Look, we're partners, right?
What the hell we gonna do?
Draw a line right down the middle of The Beverly?
Drawing a line wouldn't work. You'd just keep crossing it.
Frankie, we fought before, man, all right?
We always find our way back.
Not this time.
This was my bar.
[Sighs]
Before all the fancy pews and the curtains and all your famous damn friends, it was my bar.
Frankie, we built The Beverly together, man.
You were here every single...
It's not The Beverly anymore.
What are you talking about?
I'm buying your ass out.
My attorneys are drawing up the papers, and I suggest you sign them, 'cause if you don't, I'm taking you to civil court and sue you for everything you got.
That sign's coming down, Deacon, one way or the other.
Now, get the hell out of here before I call the cops.
Well, I don't know. What do you think?
Maybe we go minor there. That might help build the drama.
No. You expect it to go minor.
You got to fight against the drama until the bridge releases.
Okay, geez, have a Snickers, Marcia.
[Grunts]
Okay, I'm sorry.
That sounded, uh, less angry in my head.
Trust me, it's... it's not you.
Let me guess. Scarlett.
[Sighs]
Now there's this headphone commercial and they just want to use her and... and I know it shouldn't bother me, but it does, and that makes me feel like a jerk.
I mean [sighs] it's good for the band, right?
I don't know about that.
Sounds to me like it's good for Scarlett.
Wasn't like she went looking for it.
It's just... I can't really be mad at her, can I?
Gunnar, it may not be her fault.
That doesn't mean you don't have the right to be upset.
It sucks when your hard work and your talent isn't rewarded.
And as much as you like to pretend otherwise, you are the driving force behind The Exes.
It was your creation to start with.
Well, yeah, but...
Stop letting other people take credit.
You are an amazing talent.
Thank you.
[Both chuckle]
Now help me out of this bridge, will you?
All right.
: I must've walked a good two miles with her tagging along behind me.
I finally wheeled around on her and asked her what in the world she was doing.
Now, she was a head smaller, but she looked me right in the eye.
"Betty, if you're going, I'm coming, too..."
[Indistinct whispering]
"...'cause that's what sisters do."
Charlene was more than a sister. She was my best friend, and I know that now that a light is gone from my life, I still can take comfort that she's in a better place.
I know that at last she's free.
Will.
: Thank you, Betty.
Is there anyone else who would like to say a few words?
Hello.
I'm, uh... I'm Charle...
I'm Charlene's son, and I just wanted to say that, um...
[Sighs]
I love you, Mom.
[Crying]
: Can we talk?
Look, I know I owe you an apology.
Yes, I overreacted.
But it's not because I'm embarrassed to be seen with you.
It could've been anyone in those pictures with me, and I would've reacted the exact same way.
The problem is the fact that there were pictures at all.
I've been one half of a celebrity couple before.
I know the circus that comes with it.
So do I.
You think I don't wish that I could just be anonymous sometimes?
Let's face it, Avery, you are Juliette Barnes' baby daddy.
I'm the, "How do robots make voices?" girl.
[Chuckles]
I mean, everybody has a camera these days.
Yeah, it sucks, but maybe it would suck a little less if we were in it together.
I just hope they don't give us a cute little nickname, because I-I really hate that.
Are you kidding?
That's the only good thing that comes out of being in a celebrity couple.
[Indistinct shouting]
: Juliette!
At least pretend like you're enjoying this.
I am enjoying this. Immensely.
Ah! Juliette?
Kesha.
Hey.
Hey, what are you doing here?
Oh, I was hoping I'd see you here tonight.
I'm with Noah.
Noah? Noah West?
Yeah, he co-starred in this little movie called "Shenandoah Girl."
Maybe you've heard of him. [Chuckles]
Noah! Noah, look who I found. Get over here.
"Entertainment Tonight's" a bit chatty.
He'll be happy to get an out.
Juliette.
Hey.
Hi.
[Camera shutter clicking]
Wow, it's, uh, long time no see.
Yeah, I've been, uh, busy.
Oh, hey, man. How you doing?
Hanging, you know?
: Kesha, over here!
So, are you guys toge...
There's Andrew. We're supposed to hang out them.
We'll see you later, yeah?
[Chuckling] Hi.
: Hey, girl.
Ms. Barnes, they're ready for you.
Uh, w-wait. Wh...
[Sighs]
Hey.
I want to tell you a story.
It's about two sisters, and they were as close as could be... best friends since birth.
And then one of the sisters got really angry with one of the parents and they fought and they fought, and then one day... she was gone.
And the sister who got left behind, she... wow, she cried and she begged, and there was nothing that she could say that could change her sister's mind.
She wanted to be free.
She wanted to go out there and sing.
Rayna always wanted to sing.
And as devastated as I was, I think that it was harder for Daddy.
So I decided that I was gonna be the good daughter, the strong one, and I was never gonna let him see me cry.
But I really wanted to cry every day.
Mom is just so sad all the time, and I want to help her feel better, but all she cares about right now is Maddie.
I know it feels that way, but it's not true.
Your mother loves you.
Then where is she?
Why isn't she here with me?
: Thank y'all for coming out.
Hey. Thank you.
Uh, you know, I have been working all day on a speech to get you excited about the artist that you're about to see, but it has been nearly impossible.
I mean, nowadays, everyone uses so much hyperbole about everything that words like "amazing" and "incredible" have absolutely no meaning to them anymore.
So I finally figured out that the best way to get y'all excited is to just let you see for yourselves.
Ladies and gentlemen, I give to you Maddie Jaymes.
[Applause]
["Wild Card" plays]
♪ I'm a wild card ♪

♪ I'm a sweetheart ♪

♪ I got fever in my blood... ♪
You know, I never was good at math.
How far is 100 feet, again?
Well, you know I just couldn't miss a performance by my daughter.
She's not your daughter anymore.
Oh. Apparently you're not good at biology, either.
I meant legally.
Mm. And yet suddenly she's using my last name.
Wonder whose idea that was.
You know, are you really gonna make me call the cops right now?
No, I don't think that's gonna be necessary.
I've seen all I need to see here.
Just want you to know I got my eye on you.
♪ Baby ♪

♪ I'm a bad girl, I'm a real bad girl ♪

♪ Gonna shoot 'em up, pop, pop ♪

♪ Hit you where it hurts so hard ♪

♪ I'm a wild card ♪

♪ I'm a wild, I'm a wild ♪

♪ I'm a, I'm a wild card ♪

♪ I'm a wild, I'm a wild ♪

♪ I'm a, I'm a wild card ♪

♪
Care to dance?
I don't think your date would appreciate that very much.
Kesha? No, we're just friends.
Looked like pretty friendly friends to me.
No, she's just doing me a favor.
I was supposed to be shooting up in Vancouver today, but there was a last-minute change in the schedule, so I decided to fly down here with an hour to spare and figured only a friend would be okay with a last-minute invite.
Well, at least you had a friend.
My choices were my assistant or my manager.
Option number three... a complete stranger set up by my publicist.
I find that hard to believe that Juliette Barnes needs help finding a date.
Come on. You know how people are.
They want to date the celebrity, not the person.
Which used to not bother me, but of course now I'm a mom, which men don't seem to find sexy for some reason.
You never answered my question.
What question?
Will you dance with me?
The metrics just came in.
You're definitely getting fewer spins than you did a week ago, and some radio group out west just stopped playing you altogether.
You have to stop fighting Will's battle for him, Luke.
He needs more time, especially with his mom just dying.
I'm not talking about getting Will into the ring.
It's too late for that.
He is taking you down with him, Luke.
You have to cut him loose.
[Clears throat]
I'm on the right side of history here, and the only thing I hate more than a bigot is a coward.
So, yeah, it is time to cut somebody loose, but it ain't Will.
Goodbye, Ken.
[Exhales slowly]
Sorry you found out the way you did.
Should've called you myself.
I want to thank you, too, for not making a big scene up there today.
Appreciate you being respectful.
You throw me out of the house, disown me, don't even have the decency to tell me my own mother died, and you talk to me about respect?
Don't pretend you're some victim here.
If it weren't for you, none of that would've ever happened.
Well, if it weren't for you, I would've never been born.
I am what you made me, Dad. I'm your son.
Not the son we wanted.
Do not speak for her.
You never knew what Mom wanted, because you never took the time to ask.
We had a belief system.
That doesn't mean you couldn't love me.
Mom did.
I know she did, even if she had to hide it from you.
So maybe she died of a broken heart, but that's on you, not me.
Because you're the one who threw away her son.
[Cheers and applause]
: All right, listen up.
As a songwriter, you can always tell when you are stuck on a lyric.
I was recently, but then it occurred to me I've actually got a CMA Award-winning songwriter on tour...
Can I talk to you for a second?
Look, Scarlett, if you want to do the commercial, that's fine.
It's not about the commercial.
I really think we need to be uni...
What's she doing?
...half of The Exes, but he is actually an amazing artist in his own right.
Mr. Gunnar Scott, would you like to come on out on stage with me and give our new song a spin?
Uh...
You been... You been writing with Autumn?
Yeah, it was just one song...
...but I had no idea she was gonna do this.
Gunnar, come on! Don't be shy!
Get your butt out here!
Well, you better get out there.
You got to keep the boss happy, right?
[Chanting] Gunnar! Gunnar!
Are you sure?
Gunnar! Gunnar! Gunnar!
Whatever's good for the band. Right?
Gunnar! Gunnar! Gunnar! Gunnar!
Gu... Yay!
[Cheers and applause]
Hey.
[Sighs]
Later, homo.
: Hey!
That's my son you're talking to.
He deserves better than that.
Sorry, Bill.
[Door opens]
[Sighs]
Glad you came.
[Door closes]
Okay. So we have some real solid interest here.
Let's cut to it. Who seems most interested?
Tupelo Creek.
Doug Weaver wants a meeting A.S.A.P.
Tupelo Creek's a great label, and it's a good fit for Maddie... big enough to handle major clients yet small enough to give a new artist plenty of attention.
And they got a nice, honest reputation around town, too.
Wait a minute, though.
What Glenn isn't telling you is that Doug Weaver started as an A&R guy at Edgehill and was there the entire time that Rayna was on that label.
For all we know, they could still be tight.
Mm.
[Chuckling] So what?
You're gonna ding Tupelo Creek for that?
Rayna knows a lot of people in this town.
Exactly, which is why we need to leave Nashville altogether.
Wait. What?
You can't be serious.
What about Lennox Hill?
They're interested, too... very... but they're in New York.
That's great.
Zero ties to Nashville.
Which means Rayna won't be able to call up her cronies and interfere.
Maddie has just been through a major upheaval.
Are you really that paranoid that you would remove her from her support system, from her home?
Okay, look, you wanted to emancipate, and I am telling you that the only way to do that is to make a clean break.
But even though I'm shaky, I know if I can just hang in there, stay strong, things are gonna get better.
Thank you. Anyone else like to, uh, chime in?
: Why do we keep saying that?
E-Excuse me?
"Things are gonna get better." Why do we say that?
I mean, everybody in this room said that... none more than me.
I mean, that's why we get sober so things will get better, but I lost my sister, my daughter... and my wife, and I'm about to lose my bar.
I have tried like hell to be a good man, to walk the straight and the narrow, and none of it mattered...
'cause I lost it all.
So, what, are you gonna tell me now that things are all gonna get better?
That's a lie.
I got to go. I'm out of here.
Deacon, wait, man. Stop, buddy.
Hey, look, we're here for you, man.
Talk to us.
♪
Should I be offended that my date totally bailed on me?
Not at all.
I actually paid him 100 bucks to leave an hour ago.
You're welcome.
[Both laugh]
This night turned out to be so much better than I thought it would.
I actually can't remember the last time I had this much fun.
It's been a rough year, huh?
That's the understatement of the century.
You know, I-I tried to call.
I guess you changed your number.
Yeah, I did a few times.
I'm sorry.
You know, you were really great to me back then.
I don't know if I ever got a chance to thank you for being so kind.
Well, if we're being completely honest, I, uh, might've had an ulterior motive.
I had a big crush on you.
I still do.
I have a room upstairs.
I'd love to see it.
♪
[Door closes]
[Footsteps approaching]
Hey.
Hey.
What happened?
She signed with a label in New York.
She's leaving Nashville.
I've really lost her.
She's me, you know? She's me all over again.
Except that Daddy basically kicked me out, and all I've been doing is fighting for her to stay.
This is not the end of the story for you two.
Sweetheart, this family... there's a whole lot of road up ahead of us.
You two are gonna find your way back to each other.
I want to believe that.
I don't know how to get us there.
You don't have to know how. Just have faith that you will.
Well, we found our way back to each other, didn't we?
Yes, we did.
Sweetie, you will, too.
All of you.
Hey, Noel?
I want to do the commercial.
You sure?
Whatever's best for the band, right?
[Sighs] I have to go.
No. Stay with me.
[Cellphone ringing]
[Sighs] Saved by the bell.
Hey, Glenn.
So I looked into those photos like you asked.
Turns out there was some anonymous tip telling that guy to hang out in that alley.
Really?
And it was a woman's voice.
Wow, that's really weird.
[Chuckling] I know. Isn't it?
And the funny thing is, since the photos have appeared, I'm starting to get these interview requests.
Suddenly people are interested again.
Well, that's great news.
I mean, I guess something good came out of all this, then.
Yeah.
It's almost like we planned it.
Good night, Glenn.
[Cellphone beeps]
Well, we already made the magazines.
_
Oh, yeah? Let's have a look.
Hey, we look pretty good together.
[Chuckles]
Should we put out a strongly worded denial?
We're gonna get calls.
Yeah, we could do that, or we could just say, "Hell yes," put a lot of exclamation points next to it.
Are you saying you want this to be a thing?
Yeah, why not?
I mean, we're both available, last night was amazing, and I don't know about you, but I would love to see where this goes.
Or we could just put out a strongly worded denial.
[Chuckles]
No, no.
I just... I'm just surprised. That's all.
Hey.
All right, you got a choice... bananas, strawberry, chocolate chip, or blueberry.
You're making pancakes?
Yes.
Unless you want chocolate-chip eggs, 'cause you know I will do it.
Hey.
[Sighs]
Man, it's been tough around here, hasn't it?
And you've been so strong.
But you don't have to be strong for me.
You don't have to be strong for anybody.
If you feel like crying or screaming or breaking something... you just let me know.
Shoot, maybe I'll do it with you.
I just... I hate seeing you this sad all the time.
I know. I'm sorry about that.
I promise I won't be sad forever.
It's just gonna take a little bit of time, but we're gonna get through this.
We all will.
Deacon, too?
Yeah, Deacon, too.
We just have to find our footing without Maddie here.
I hate her.
No. Honey, don't say that.
You love her so much.
That's why it hurts so bad.
And I know you're angry at the choices she's making right now, but don't confuse anger with hate.
We can still love somebody even when we're angry at them.
Why don't you head on up, get yourself dressed?
I'll get these pancakes made.
Deal?
Deal.
And I will take blueberry.
Good choice.
I love you, Mom.
I love you, too.
[Sighs]
♪
[Cellphone ringing]
Hey.
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
