♪ ♪
(grunting)
Oh. What's that?
(grunting)
(continues grunting)
(muffled screaming)
♪ NCIS:New Orleans 2x23 ♪

The Third Man

Original Air Date on May 10, 2016
♪ Boom, boom, boom, boom ♪

♪ Bang, bang, bang, bang ♪

♪ Boom, boom, boom, boom ♪

♪ How, how, how, how ♪

♪ Hey, hey ♪

♪ You gotta come on. ♪
Gentlemen, your Sazeracs.
Thank you.
Here you go. Ah.
Cheers.
Do you notice the absinthe is slightly more herbaceous than normal?
I infused it with thyme and rosemary.
(smacks lips) Mmm.
Best I ever had.
Pride?
It's good.
It's good, but, uh, a little more goes into being a manager than just mixing drinks.
Do you play any instruments, Camille?
Uh, instruments?
Wait, wait, wait.
How is that relevant?
: I took piano lessons when I was nine. Does that count?
Well, it's a good start.
Uh, listen, thank you for coming down.
We got a few more people that we need to interview, and then we'll let you know.
All right. Great, thanks.
Thank you.
Are you kidding me?
Who else you got to interview?
The girl is perfect.
She's efficient, smart, hip, gorgeous.
Bar has history, Patton.
My mama sang here.
It's got to be the right fit.
I think I'll know it when I see it.
And I hope you see it soon. I'm running out of candidates.
(chuckles, cell phone chimes)
And you need a life.
You can't keep running NCIS 
 this bar much longer.
We'll find the right person.
We just need to keep looking, okay?
I got a case. I got to go, all right?
So, uh, I'll talk to you later.
(sighs)
(camera shutter clicking)
: A whole bunch of strange things going on here, King.
First off, our victim is Chief Petty Officer Charles Greene.
Was a Master Diver for the Navy.
Trained the SEALS how to scuba, which means he's not the type of person who's gonna die out in the water.
No, he teaches folks how 
 to die.
So likely we're not looking at a diving accident.
No, he's got plenty of oxygen left in his tank.
Plus, his diving regulator and his buoyancy compensator, it's still in working condition.
Yeah, who knew Alabama here scuba dives, right?
Roll tide.
What you got, Loretta?
Just a lot of questions.
Look here. The wounds are all fish bites, but this is some sort of blunt force trauma.
Concentric shape, acute bruising.
I've never seen anything like it.
It's definitely the cause of death.
Any theories?
Boat of some kind?
No, boat would've probably taken his head off, not gut punch him.
Looks like he's got the bends too.
It's 
Happens when divers ascend too quickly from a great depth.
So what happened first?
The blunt force trauma or he came up too fast?
Can't tell until I get him on my table.
You narrow down TOD?
Between 12 and 15 hours ago.
Could've drifted a long way in that time.
Need to find out where he died if we're gonna find out what happened.
Well, he had to have a dive boat.
Which means, it could still be out there drifting somewhere.
Floating crime scene maybe.
: Plus, the longer it's out there, more chance the ocean might've swallowed it up.
I'll get Sebastian on it.
Talk to Chief Greene's CO.
Learn things.
Master Diver killed on the open sea.
Got to be a reason.
I just got off the phone with the Navy.
Got the rundown on Chief Petty Officer Greene's personal life.
Turns out the guy's a saint.
Not so much as a speeding ticket.
Even works with veterans' charities, teaches wounded warriors to scuba in his spare time.
Well, any professional enemies?
Well, I'm not sure.
But he was involved in several special ops missions with the SEALS.
Does tend to piss off the bad guys.
Who might've been looking for retribution.
What were the missions?
They're classified, we're trying to get read in now.
Thank you.
Agent Russo.
Agent Brody.
Hi.
Hope I'm not interrupting.
You, uh, care to introduce us?
Oh, yeah, uh, sorry.
Um, Pride, Percy, Lasalle, this is DHS Agent John Russo.
He's the one who helped me out in DC.
Investigating the General Matthews leak, appreciate the assist.
Couldn't have done it without Agent Brody.
Glad you sent her.
So what brings you to New Orleans?
Helping to set up the new DHS post Matthews was supposed to oversee.
But who's gonna run it?
I guess I am.
At least until they find a replacement for Matthews.
Waterway security is very important, especially around here.
Something imminent?
No, no.
Usual chatter.
Nothing out of the ordinary.
It's DC acting out of an abundance of caution.
Well, especially after what happened with Matthews.
What-what do you mean? What's the connection?
Probably nothing.
But DHS wants to make sure nobody was trying to discredit him in hopes that we wouldn't still open this office.
Again, covering bases.
I'm gonna grab Brody for a second, do you mind?
Sure.
We'll just go out here.
Nice to meet you all.
Mm-hmm.
(chuckling) I think she likes him.
No, I think he likes her.
I think the two of you need to get us read into Greene's special ops missions.
Copy that.
: So, did you get my texts?
Yeah.
Right.
See, when someone texts you, normally the other person texts back fairly quickly.
That's kind of how it works. (chuckles)
I know, I'm sorry.
I just, I didn't know how to respond.
With you in DC and me here.
It's not you, I just...
I'm not ready to date yet, that's all.
Kind of going through something.
That's fair enough.
That's actually not why I was texting you.
It's not?
(chuckles) No, don't get me wrong.
Listen, I'd love to take you for drinks or dinner, but really I was looking for some help.
'Cause I knew I was coming to town, I was hoping you might be willing to give me the lay of the land.
Oh.
Got an appointment with Greene's CO, said he could get us access to those special ops missions.
Good.
Hopefully something will turn up.
(Skype ringing)
Ah.
Meantime... Narrow down where the dive boat might be?
It's not easy, especially considering the Gulf is over 600,000 square miles.
That's before you even factor in tidal projections, current patterns, wind, for both where the victim might've been killed, and where the boat might've drifted from.
Tick-tock, Sebastian.
Right, sorry, I'm trying to work on the whole rambling thing.
Anyway, uh, thanks to our Coast Guard friends, and they're pretty snazzy SAROPS program...
♪ Ta-da ♪
I was able to generate a probability grid.
So each grid represents a potential search area.
Green for where Chief Greene might have been diving, and the Red is...
I'm sorry, uh, who-who's that?
Oh, Agent Russo, this is our forensic scientist, Sebastian.
Nice to meet you, Sebastian.
Agent Russo.
Uh, as in DC Agent Russo?
Uh, yeah. Uh...
I'm gonna...
I'm gonna show him out.
Red grid, Sebastian.
Hmm? Yeah, uh, sorry.
The, uh, the red grids are the areas of the highest probability of finding the dive boat.
If it's still upright, that is.
Uh, there was some pretty big swells last night.
Did we know that Russo was coming?
Thanks, Sebastian.
Brody and I will coordinate with Coast Guard, try and track down the boat.
You two get with Greene's CO and learn things.
: 11 grids down, only three to go.
What if we can't find it, Pride?
I don't know we'd find out who killed Chief Greene if we don't.
(computer pings)
What do you got?
Something on the water.
A couple hundred yards north.
I got it.
Matches the model registered to Greene.
Let's get ready to board.
: Cast off blood stains.
Looks like a fight.
: Whoa.
Stay the hell away!
Whoa, whoa.
NCIS.
Put down the gun.
Drop your weapon.
I'll shoot.
No, you won't.
Marine Corps, 3rd Battalion, 23rd regiment.
I know your Gunny Sergeant, Karl Williams.
I know he trains his marines to do the right thing.
And right now, the thing to do is to lower your weapon.
Come on now.
You need medical attention.
And we need to find out what happened out here.
Your turn.
Easy.
(groaning) Okay, okay. Oh!
Easy. Easy.
: 
Did three tours in Afghanistan.
Was injured in an IED attack on his last one.
: Wounded warrior, just like who Greene taught to scuba.
Might explain why he was on the boat.
(camera shutter clicking)
: Yeah, but it still doesn't explain how the spear was in his shoulder, and why he was pointing a gun at Pride.
Yeah, still, he's had a few run-ins with the law, and he's got some psychological issues, PTSD.
: Emotional distress, temporary psychosis, both signs of PTSD.
Might've been in the midst of an episode when we found him.
So, what? He and Greene get into an argument and then Buckley snaps?
Greene tries to defend himself with the spear gun, but Buckley still manages to kill him.
I mean, we could be dealing with another 
: Scuba tanks on board.
Round, heavy objects.
Might explain the blunt force trauma on Greene.
He would've had to swing it awful hard.
Besides, we don't know conclusively if Greene was killed above water or below.
There's something more going on here.
Or it looks how it looks.
I mean, both Greene and Buckley were the only two on the boat.
And there was a fight, I mean, we can't ignore that.
We can't ignore the threats Greene's unit received from his missions overseas either.
Went through the files you got from Greene's CO.
Made a lot of enemies.
Well, if we're looking for someone who could take out a Master Diver, that certainly fits the bill.
If so, other people would've been out there too.
Making Buckley a victim instead of a suspect.
Best way to find out who all was on board is to test that blood.
Samples on their way to Sebastian now.
Yeah, we'll follow up and let you know as soon as he I.D.'s someone.
Maybe I should stay, recreate the fight.
Figure out what really happened.
Good idea.
I'll go to the hospital.
Talk to Lieutenant Buckley.
Get his side of things.
Buckley?
Need to ask you some questions.
Is Charlie okay?
No, he's not.
We found Chief Petty Officer Greene's body this morning.
Washed up on shore.
(groans, panting)
Whatever happened out there, you know.
You think I did this?
Did you?
I don't know.
Everything's kind of a... a blur.
But look at my life, I guess if I screwed that up, I must've screwed this up, right?
I just need you to try to remember what happened.
I can't.
I believe that you can.
You just need to relax, okay?
Focus on your breathing.
Hmm?
Just like you were diving.
(inhales deeply, exhales)
Keep that focus.
Let's go back to the boat, yesterday afternoon.
All right?
You're on the water.
What do you see?
It's um...
It's windy.
Choppy seas.
But Charlie, he still wants to out.
He wants to go diving.
But not me, 'cause I'm-I'm not much of a diver.
Keep going.
Then Charlie, he was, uh... he was down there for a long time.
And I...
Oh, these two, um... frog men in tactical gear, they got onto the boat with us.
Wait, tactical gear? Where'd they come from?
Wait, you don't believe me?
I... (clears throat)
Where'd they come from?
The water. I...
I think, um...
I...
This one, he had a spear gun, and he shot me, and I, uh...
I don't remember what happened after that.
All right, try. I know you...
I can't!
All right.
What you got, Brody?
I found something interesting when I was measuring the blood spatter.
One spray pattern is definitely from Buckley when he got hit by the spear, but behind him there was a void with spray patterns on both sides of where he was.
Which means?
Which means, if I'm right, there was a second person behind him.
Two assailants.
Buckley remembered right.
He just told me two people in tactical gear came out of the water and attacked him.
Question is, who are they?
Men in tactical gear.
Might've been enemies Greene made overseas.
Yeah, well, hopefully Sebastian can I.D. the blood and get their names.
: 
There was definitely somebody else on that boat.
Found two unique DNA types.
One belongs to Buckley.
But the other was not in the database.
Meaning our assailants remain one big, fat mystery, so please, do you have anything else for us to work off of?
Well, we've learned more about Greene's injuries and they're far more catastrophic than anticipated.
The liver, pancreas, spleen all essentially decimated.
Sadly, Chief Petty Officer's final moments were incredibly painful.
Yeah, it doesn't sound like a scuba tank had the velocity to cause this kind of damage.
Whatever did hit him that hard, caused Greene to inhale massive amounts of water at once.
His lungs and stomach were full of sea water.
Well, at least we know he didn't die on that boat.
No, he definitely died underwater.
So no clue as to how this happened?
No.
But there's one way to find out.
Go to the scene of the crime.
Right, which we now know was about two miles off the coast and 100 feet down.
Well, how'd you figure that out?
Well, we already had the SAROPS projections, which gave us the area where Greene had been diving.
To really hone in, we had to get microscopic.
And that's where our little friend the phytoplankton came in handy.
They're tiny organisms found in seawater.
Including the water in Greene's system.
Now, every phyto comes from a very specific location.
It's all traceable, so it shouldn't be hard to find the spot where it all went down.
You feel like taking a dive with me?
(chuckles) If I had a choice, the swimming pool's as deep as I'll go.
Ready?
I was born ready.
: All right, you're 50 feet down.
About 50 more to go.
: Copy that, King.
You all right, buddy?
These, uh, anti-nausea patches?
They're false advertising.
I think they're making it worse.
So, uh, what's, uh, what's Agent Russo doing here again?
Just setting up an office.
(quietly): Oh.
Permanently?
Hold that thought!
(retching)
: Hey, King?
We're definitely in the right area.
: What's going on, Christopher?
I'm almost at the sea floor.
And there's some kind of light down here.
Yes, sir, we're cooking with peanut oil.
It's a video camera.
I bet you Petty Officer Greene dropped it.
Holy crap! Is that a sub?
(muffled screaming)
Well, now we know what killed Greene.
But not why.
A Master Diver for the U.S. Navy nearly gets disemboweled by a sub that clearly turned to take him out.
Wrong place, wrong time?
Yes, don't know what else it could be.
Greene was just pleasure-diving, taking pictures.
So after the killers take him out, they don scuba gear, egress out of the sub.
Try to take Buckley out, too, cover their tracks.
Except... he put up one hell of a fight.
Navy Intel have any idea who we're up against?
All they know is they don't think it's connected to any of Greene's SEAL missions.
(sputters) Then what? Drug runners?
Hey, you read my mind.
Cartels have been using subs to smuggle drugs for years, and Greene was diving smack in the middle of one of their routes.
Well, check with DEA. See if they've heard any recent chatter from the cartels to back this up.
All right, so you want the good news, or the bad news?
Always start with the good.
I got the manager over at the Sazerac bar to come in for an interview.
If we land him, it'd be like the Heat poaching LeBron.
The case, Patton.
: All right. That's the bad news.
Reached out to NSA and Border Patrol, trying to get access to their sonar system logs.
'Cause if we get the logs, then maybe we can track the sub.
But nobody's giving us access.
All requests have to be run up the ladder.
It's a sea of red tape.
Red tape, we don't have time for.
We got two men in tactical gear, driving a sub.
Killed one sailor.
Tried to kill a Marine.
I got a feeling we're dealing with something bigger than drug runners.
It sounds like DHS territory.
You think your friend Russo might be willing to do us a favor?
I can ask.
: Okay.
Put a surveillance team on them.
Uh, yeah, get back to me.
Hi.
Hi.
I thought you said nothing unusual was happening.
It looks like plenty is happening to me.
It's DHS, Brody.
Something's always happening.
Listen, if you're here to give me a tour of the city, wish I could, but...
Actually, I'm here because I need a favor.
Okay.
A submarine took out a Navy diver two miles off shore.
We're trying to figure out who's responsible, and, uh, we're hoping DHS can give us access to sonar logs.
Come with me.
How big was the sub?
How big?
15, 25, 100 meters?
Closer to 25.
Like a narco sub.
Yeah.
But with deep water capabilities.
Hit the diver at a hundred feet.
You're not just in New Orleans out of an abundance of caution, are you?
Something is happening.
We still don't know.
Surveillance intercepted chatter about several foreign assets operating in the Gulf.
We don't know who's behind it, but we think they might be planning some kind of an attack. We didn't have hard evidence to confirm that, until now.
Is that the sub?
Looks like it, yes.
Sonar techs were doing a routine scan when they picked it up.
Tracked it all the way to an abandoned shipyard off the Mississippi where they ditched.
We think they were smuggling something into the country to pull off the attack.
What were they smuggling?
Equipment, people, weapons?
Unclear.
All we know right now is that an event appears imminent.
Whether New Orleans is a target or the entry point, we don't know.
But you think this is why whoever's behind it didn't want DHS setting up an office here or the waterway protection post filled.
I think it's time that we started working together.
: 
 had nothing to do with his past missions or the cartels.
Apparently, he stumbled across a pair of enemy combatants planning some kind of attack.
Combatants Agent Russo's been aware of since he arrived.
Wasn't exactly forthcoming with us.
: And if we hadn't found that sub, we'd still be left in the dark.
Does DHS have any idea what they're targeting?
No, but, we may have a lead on who we're after.
DHS found a substantial amount of blood in the sub, matches one of the types of blood found on Greene's dive boat.
No I.D. hit yet, but we're hoping Sebastian can find some kind of physical characteristic of our assailant.
Because he was injured.
By Buckley, probably.
That much blood loss explains why they ditched the sub, someone needed medical attention.
Which means our injured assailant might have gone to a regional hospital, underground clinic.
I've got a CI who can help us find those clinics.
I'll pay him a visit.
Still, this is New Orleans.
As great as it is, a lot of violent crimes every day.
ERs are overflowing.
Yeah, we got to find a way to narrow it down.
: Buckly.
Hey.
Where you going?
You cleared me.
Look, I'm out of here, man.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, wait, wait.
Look, I need your help.
I don't think I can solve Greene's murder without it.
My memory, it...
I get confused.
I... you don't know what's it's like in my head.
No, no, you're right.
I-I-I don't but...
I know you carried a... an injured marine across a battlefield under enemy fire.
I read your file.
You can do that, you can do this.
You can trust me.
Just like you trusted your friend, Greene.
Can you put yourself back on that dive boat, after the frog men got on board?
Okay, there's... there's one of them... he's... he's in front of me... he's got a spear gun and, uh... the second one's trying to sneak up behind.
Okay, good.
The one in front, he fires, the spear goes through me...
I fall backwards, I... almost pass out, but I know I got to do something so... the one behind me, I... I back up to him and I ram the spear un... under his ribs, and I get him in the kidney.
The kidney? You-you sure?
Yeah.
Use any weapon available to inflict maximum damage.
I knew you could do it.
Okay, Ochsner ER has two more, which brings the total number of patients who fit the profile to...
77.
Thank you.
Brody's found five more at underground clinics.
So... 82.
That's too many to vet.
(computer beeping)
Oh, hello.
Please, tell us you found something on those blood samples.
Well, thanks to the marvels of modern science, we've been able to identify our submariner's race and s*x.
Yeah, one shake of the old, magic DNA 8-ball here and... the assailant you're looking for is female and Caucasian.
Bringing us to...
13, I mean, we can check them out, but we're gonna need time.
Yeah, we're running out and fast.
Is there any way we can narrow it down more?
(phone beeps)
Ask and you shall receive.
That's Pride... he says we're looking for a lacerated kidney.
Run it.
(whispering): Lacerated kidney.
Down to four.
Boom.
: Great.
What are you waiting on?
: Yeah, get.
God, it's like a Rockwell painting.
I don't think we're gonna find any foreign agents here.
Still, we're running out of suspects.
It looks like Pride and Brody are striking out, too.
Hi.
Excuse me.
Mrs. Judy Brown?
Yes?
We're federal agents.
We understand that you were injured.
Was wondering if you could tell us how, if you don't mind.
The police came to the hospital.
I-I gave a statement.
Oh, well, you know, if it's all right with you, we just want to hear it one more time.
Judy's a little embarrassed.
She's normally a really good driver, she knows better.
I couldn't have been looking at my phone for more than a few seconds.
I-I just lost control and... hit a tree.
Air bag deployed?
Yeah, but I wasn't wearing my seat belt. I...
I was in a hurry, I wasn't thinking.
Well, you're lucky it wasn't much worse.
So, you hit a tree, your air bag deployed...
...and you lacerated your kidney, from a frontal impact?
: Gun!
Arthur, run!
Don't move.
(gunshots)
Yeah, Chris, you and Sonja, if you find anything of interest at the Brown's house, let me know ASAP, okay?
Russo.
Good work, at least you got one of them.
Partner's still at large, though.
NOPD and Homeland Security have BOLOs out.
We'll find him. It's a matter of time.
DHS'll take it from here.
Uh... hang on.
Brody, take her to interrogation.
Go ahead.
Roy.
All due respect, Agent Pride, if she's a foreign agent, she belongs to DHS now.
Well, we don't know that yet, but here's what we do know.
She killed a United States Sailor.
That makes this an NCIS case and her an NCIS suspect.
Look, I'm not trying to turn this into a jurisdictional thing.
Then don't.
I understand your position.
I'm not trying to step on your toes, but you have to admit, this is potentially bigger than NCIS.
Agreed.
Still not giving her up, unless someone above me orders me to.
(chuckles)
End of the day, we both want to catch her partner, find out who's really behind this and why.
How about we keep working the case together?
We'll combine what we know.
You okay with that?
(door opens)
(sighs)
Ran checks on you, Mrs. Brown.
Everything looks to be completely normal.
DMV, tax filings, all clean.
Only one problem.
Records only go back two years.
Before that, it's as if you and your husband never existed.
Not a very good cover... unless you weren't planning on staying around for very long.
Don't know what you're talking about.
Interpol is running your DNA as we speak.
Any assassination attempt... any terrorist act you've ever committed... we're gonna find out.
And then the U.S. Government's gonna send you to Guantanamo.
We're talking isolation cells, 23 hours a day.
The rest of your life.
You don't scare me.
No?
(whispering): Nothing gets to you, does it?
You don't have a single pressure point, not even family.
Parents, siblings, nieces and nephews.
We find out who you really are, we start investigating them, too.
Two foreign operatives planted as a married couple.
You tell us where to find your husband, or I promise you, all bets are off.
Since when do we threaten family members?
Since terrorists began decapitating people.
Look, we got the location of the hideout, didn't we?
How far away is Pearl River?
North Shore, 30 minutes with patrol lights on.
But what if she's lying?
What if he's not really there?
She seemed genuinely afraid to me.
I'll send a team to check it out.
Now hold on.
Whole area's flat.
Views as far as the eye can see.
Your men roll up on the main road, her partner'll see them a mile off.
All right, what do you suggest?
I know a back way.
Not on the map.
Ride with me, I'll show you.
Agent Pride.
I'd feel a lot more comfortable if Mrs. Brown were transferred to DHS.
It's more secure.
I can have agents here in ten minutes.
All right.
Brody, stay here, facilitate the transfer.
Will do.
: 
 is Mr. Clean clean.
There's no sign of any criminal activity.
And this sucker is locked up tighter than Fort Knox.
 to the lab, see if I can crack this sucker.
Yeah, the only thing I found strange are these.
Mr. and Mrs. Bond visited maybe the most romantic destinations in the city.
Hmm, pretty damn intimate for a couple of operatives.
Yeah.
Kind of unusual, but then again, NOLA does that to folks.
A little more intimate than even that.
Clomid. “Use daily to promote ovulation.”
Looks like they were trying to make baby agents.
You got Agent Russo here too, Chris. What do you got?
No smoking guns, but we did find something very peculiar.
Looks like Arthur and Judy were doing more than just pretending to be in love.
They actually visited a bunch of romantic spots all over the city.
Part of their cover, maybe.
Fertility drugs part of their cover, too?
Call me crazy, but most operatives don't go that deep undercover.
Unless they really are in love.
Think about it-- Arthur blew his cover by bringing Judy to the hospital, took care of her instead of getting out of town.
Because he cared about her and they were trying to start a family.
Okay, but if you're right, then why would she give up his location?
She wouldn't.
(sirens wailing)
(phone rings)
Hey, Pride.
: Brody.
Listen to me, it's a setup.
(rapid gunshots)
Shots fired.
Roy.
(rapid gunshots)
♪ ♪
: Brody!
(echoing gunshot)
You okay?
Yeah.
Thank you.
(sirens wailing)
(camera shutter clicking)
: Yeah, thank you.
Roy just got out of surgery.
He's gonna be fine.
Well, that's good to hear.
Don't know if we can say the same about our squad room though.
What a damn mess.
Yeah, it is.
Well, I'm just glad everybody's okay.
Loretta, Sebastian, what you got?
Look at this.
Grayish peeling and flaking.
What is it?
Usually from handling explosives.
Lots of it.
: Yeah, and not just any explosives either.
This red means HMX.
It's military grade.
And assuming it was made overseas because of the case, I asked DHS to swab the sub for HMX residue, too.
The inside's covered with this stuff.
So they were smuggling in explosives.
If so, a sub that size could have had hundreds of pounds on it, maybe more.
Question is, who's got it now?
: 
Only explanation.
Problem is I can't come up with a name because I can't decrypt the agents' cell or his computer.
I thought you could decrypt anything.
Yeah. (scoffs) Believe me, I'm just as surprised as you are.
But this thing is NSA-level lockbox.
Pride, if they weren't bad guys, I'd be impressed. But I can tell you this-- whoever they're communicating with, he's somewhere in New Orleans.
Yeah, with enough explosive power to level a city block.
Guess we know why DHS opened their office here.
The problem is nobody knows what the target is, or even if it's local.
Keep working, would you?
So what's our next move?
Hope DHS and Russo get answers out of Judy Brown.
While we do what, sit around and do nothing?
I've contacted DEA, FBI and ATF.
All right?
Lasalle's looping in NOPD.
We need some kind of lead. I don't care where it comes from as long as we find those explosives.
(blues song playing)
It's a little eerie, isn't it?
Just sitting here, waiting.
It's more like frustrating and unnerving.
Christopher, what if we don't find these...
We will.
All right? And we have to.
Now, you didn't get me a light beer, did you?
(scoffs) You know I know you better than that.
(chuckles) Hey, where's your other other half?
Brody draw the short straw, get paperwork duty?
Nah. I bet ten bucks she's cozying up with the new DC boo, Russo.
Yeah, hero always gets the girl.
Hey, I will drink to that.
(chuckles)
Excuse me.
See, that's what I'm talking about.
We got to get back on the manager hunt so you don't have to be doing all of this.
So... you buy ten, you get one free, so I ordered 11 cases.
Nice.
Also, I grouped the taps together so we're not running into each other pouring different brews and... oh, I found the source of those brownouts.
No way.
Yes.
Back bar cooler's got a short.
I'll fix it.
Thanks, Buckley. Appreciate it.
Yep.
Uh, you were saying?
Oh, hell no.
After all of that, you hired a guy who tried to blow your head off?
What's his qualification?
Served our country, he can serve in a bar.
Plus, his daddy had a restaurant when he was growing up.
He knows his way around.
You have got to be kidding me.
Fellas, here you go.
You sure this ain't you just being a softie?
Man deserves a break, too, all right?
You guys good?
Besides, Buckley's got skin in the game, too.
He knows this is a chance to get his life back on track, and I don't think he's gonna let either one of us down.
Did I mention... he plays a mean banjo.
I still prefer Camille.
(knocking)
You said you wouldn't mind having a drink with me, so here I am.
New Orleans sure is a friendly place.
(chuckles)
Coffee mugs.
Perfect.
So... what are we drinking to?
Don't say saving your life.
That's too easy.
Sorry, that's all I've got.
Is it?
Um... how about to joint investigations?
(sighs)
Stop?
No.
(phone rings)
(sighs)
Agent Russo.
Now?
I'll be right there.
(sighs) Judy Brown's ready to talk.
Go. She might be able to tell you who has the explosives. Go.
(sighs)
I'll call you later.
Text me.
I am not going to talk.
You weren't supposed to get caught.
(scoffs)
You jeopardized the mission.
Wait, you're... our contact?
You know what you have to do.
(sniffles)
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
