The government has a secret system... secret system...
: A system you asked for to keep you safe.
: A machine that spies on you every hour of every day.
: You granted it the power to see everything... to index, order, and control the lives of ordinary people.
: The government considers these people irrelevant.
We don't.
: But to it, you are all irrelevant, victim or perpetrator, if you stand in its way.
: We'll find you.
Don't worry.
No fast ones today.
You say that every time.
It's not like I'm gonna spill a glass of water on the nightstand, stomp on your foot, throw an elbow to your chin, and stick with that sedative.
Oops.
I think I skipped a step.
[glass shatters]
♪ ♪
[alarm blaring]
Better call the boss.
No need.
When will she ever learn?
Grab the fire axe.
Got it.
It's gone.
: Clear.
She's not here.
[sighs]
♪ ♪
Our number is sure in a hurry to get somewhere, Finch.
Stanford MBA, fluent in Mandarin.
He negotiates contracts between US and British corporations 
A man who knows how to cross borders.
Indeed, he was returning from Hong Kong en route to the UK, but his flight was diverted into New York for maintenance issues.
According to his calendar, Ko was supposed to be in London tomorrow afternoon, so why did he leave the airport, and what the hell is he doing in this neighborhood?
Hold on a second, Finch.
Ko just switched his SIM card.
Hello?
I'm in New York, booked on the next flight out.
Just have to take care of that errand first.
I'll make it, sir. [coughs]
 and Ko's tight grip on whatever's in his briefcase, I don't like the looks of this, Finch.
Stay close, Mr. Reese.
Any new developments from the simulations, Harry?
Unfortunately, it has yet to render a positive outcome.
You mean the Machine's lost every hypothetical round to Samaritan.
As you no doubt predicted.
Perhaps we should try altering one of the variables, for the sake of humanity... or even just us.
I'll take that under advisement. Thank you, Ms. Groves.
Sooner or later, every ecosystem changes.
It just requires the correct precursor.
♪ ♪
: Dr. Mason to the emergency room.
Bad news, Finch. Our number just checked into the ER.
The emergency room? What happened?
He's sick.
Looks like the only thing he's about to kill is a box of Kleenex.
So he was just trying to locate the closest hospital?
I guess so.
And from the look of things, we're gonna be a while.
I'll get back to you.
Can never get this damn thing to work.
Are we out of antivirals?
Now that we've joined the 21st century and connected to the National Health Care Database, a few clicks, and voilà.
They just arrived.
What do you know?
Database is right for once.
Thanks.
Yo, Doc, what the hell?
We've been waiting over an hour.
Yeah, what's your problem?
I've seen worse cat scratches.
What you talking about?
Quit your whining, or I'll have Paulie give you a real reason to be here.
What do we got here?
Mid-grade fever, cough, sore throat.
Look, Doc, no offense, but I don't have time to be sick; I have...
Yeah, I know. I know.
Who's not busy, huh?
Okay, open.
Well, lucky for you, I happen to be the hospital's epidemiologist.
Looks like you're coming down with the flu.
You traveled outside of the country recently?
No.
We can give you an antiviral to help your immune system fight off the infection.
Hang out for about an hour to ensure you don't have a reaction, and then afterwards, fluid and rest.
Sure thing, Doc. Thanks.
Sleeve, please.
Finch, the Machine got this one wrong.
Ko's been treated, and he's about to be released.
I'm gonna head back to the precinct.
The Machine doesn't point us toward sick people, Mr. Reese.
If we received Ko's number, he's either a victim or a perpetrator, 
Jeff, how are you were able to get a reservation here?
I've been trying to get one for my boss for months.
Made some new connections.
You always said I should get out of my shell more.
Looks like a lot in your life has changed.
Still the same guy you fell in love with at Jimmie Cone.
Haven't lost your charm.
So who are you working for, again?
A new company.
What are you doing?
Sort of a jack-of-all-trades.
Well, it's good to see you've gotten your act together since getting out.
Sir?
I've read that a lot of ex-convicts have trouble readjusting.
Well, you'd have just waited a little longer, you could've seen those changes firsthand.
I think seven years was long enough to wait for a boyfriend I knew for a few months in high school.
I was 17.
They tried me as an adult.
You weren't 17 when you stabbed another inmate and 7 years turned into 12.
So tell me, Jeff, what guarantee do I have that you won't do it again?
The hard times are behind us.
Yeah, I got a great job, a really nice apartment.
We can get a fresh start...
Make up for lost time.
I'm happy for you, Jeff. I really am.
But I've done the math.
Three out of every four convicts get rearrested within five years.
I'm sorry, but I can't go through that again.
[door rattles]
Is that the way you greet the guy who saved your life?
Can't be too careful these days.
World has changed, Detective.
That's why I came to talk to you.
A dozen bodies.
And who knows how many more.
Someone's knocking off people and burying those bodies underground in tunnels.
They almost took me with it.
Wish I could help you, Detective, but I'm out of that game.
Wish I could say the same for your friends, because one of the bodies down there belonged to your business partner, Bruce.
And who's behind this?
That's what I want to know.
I figure they must be using trucks to deliver the explosives that demolished those tunnels.
I've looked all over the city... nothing official anywhere near that location.
Trucks, as in construction?
You got contacts in that business.
Trucks are about to be hijacked, trucks that are rented off the books.
I share information, I expect it to flow both ways.
You'll know what I know.
There's a guy, Capello, runs a transportation outfit in the Bronx.
No truck enters or leaves the Five Burroughs without his knowledge.
All right, thanks. I'll let you know.
Be careful out there, Detective.
The threat can come from anywhere.
John, any update on Mr. Ko?
Yeah, he's just checking out of the ER.
[people gasping]
: Doc, we got a problem.
Can we get a little help here?
He's not breathing, no pulse.
Defib!
Clear.
Nothing.
Clear.
Nothing.
We lost him.
This doesn't make any sense.
The onset rate is off the charts, and flu doesn't cause hemorrhaging from the mouth.
Finch, we got a problem. Ko just died.
Oh, no.
I don't know what made this guy sick, but whatever he had looks pretty damn lethal.
It's locked. - Let's check this way.
What the hell?
Hey, fellas.
You mind telling me where the hell I am?
Jo'burg, South Africa.
Johannesburg. That's not an island.
No, it's more like hell.
We're not done with you yet.
But first things first.
We should introduce ourselves to this little lassie.
I sure could use that fire axe.
[grunting]
Nice one.
You really should ask for better bunk mates.
This place is like some twisted social experiment in violence.
Yeah, being a guinea pig sucks.
Enough small talk... where's the exit?
There's only one way in or out, and they only open for meals or discipline.
I never was big on prison grub.
Not sure what we're dealing with here.
It could be a new flu strain.
You and Garcia get a blood sample to the lab ASAP, and find out where Mr. Ko came from.
Either he didn't give us the whole story, or he just had the most allergic reaction to antivirals known to man.
Garcia, if this is some kind of mix-up with the meds, it better not be another one of your computer glitches.
The database reduces human errors.
Just pray your malpractice insurance is up-to-date.
You, start wiping this place down anywhere the patient went or touched.
Okay.
Excuse me.
Detective Riley, NYPD. Can I help?
We've already got security.
[sighs] Suppose we could use a little help.
Standard protocol is, we lock this place down until we know what we're dealing with.
Sure thing, Doc.
Last time we had an outbreak of swine flu here, we lost three patients... two gunshot wounds and a stabbing.
They turned on each other once they heard it was contagious.
Did she just say "contagious"?
NYPD. We need to lock this place down.
Grab the ambulance bay doors.
I'll get the other entrances.
Roger, 10-4, I'm on it.
Wait, under what authority can we stop people from leaving?
The PATRIOT Act.
Nice.
Wait.
I thought you could use some help, given that any number of people could be the perpetrator.
Dr. Mason may be mistaken.
Ko might've been poisoned.
Or someone intentionally triggered a severe allergic reaction.
Which means the killer may still be inside.
Root's running background checks on everyone.
Meantime, best if we do some investigating ourselves.
: You sure you want to be in here?
Whatever killed Ko could be spreading.
Then let's be sure to take precautions.
Where can I find Detective Foosco?
Fusco. Over here.
Mind explaining this?
One of your trucks didn't have a permit for driving through a residential area.
Since when did NYPD detectives get involved with parking violations?
You should feel lucky I'm only citing you for your official operations.
That's the only type I run.
Not according to Carl Elias.
Carl Elias is dead.
Maybe, but I ain't.
How can I help you, Detective?
Let's talk about some truck rentals in the vicinity of some underground tunnels, the kind that require a commercial driver's license.
What people do with the trucks is on them.
I'm not involved.
I want to see a list of your drivers.
Thought that's where this was headed.
Whatever you think of the trucks, the licenses are legit.
Take a look.
This guy.
Thanks.
I'll assume the rest of the citations will be taken care of.
Yes, Detective Fusco over at the 8th.
I need you to run a commercial driver's license for me.
15400685.
Looking for an address, phone, vehicle, anything you got.
All right, I want you to get it out to all our plate readers.
Call me as soon as we pick it up.
What's so urgent that you had to meet today?
I'm having second thoughts about the job.
Things have been escalating, and I know how this ends: me in prison, just another statistic.
Really?
How so?
Well, you started me out as a driver hauling people around in a van, delivering supplies in a truck.
Next thing you know, I'm tailing a guy who's being protected by an NYPD detective.
City's had its fair share of corrupt cops.
Yeah, dirty cops are one thing.
Dead girl's another.
You have me breaking into an apartment, stealing a hard drive, and looking down the barrel of some crazy woman, tells me I'm a cog in a wheel just working for something called Samaritan?
Unfortunately, Jeff, there are people in this world... very confused people... who want to impede progress.
Progress of what?
And who do I work for exactly?
We help make life better for people.
Just look how your life has changed.
Three months ago, you were painting houses for minimum wage, an ex-con no one would hire.
Now you can afford to take your ex-girlfriend to a fancy restaurant.
How did you know...
You're up for a promotion, Jeff.
I don't know.
One more job.
Then if you want to quit, you can.
What's the job?
It requires an exam.
How much longer are you gonna keep us locked in here?
My daughter's scared to death.
I understand your frustration, ma'am.
Please just be patient.
I'm gonna look into the antiviral injection that they gave Mr. Ko.
How much longer? The natives have grown restless.
Until we get the lab results and know what we're dealing with, I can't take any chances.
If this is a flu virus, I've never seen one this aggressive.
Roger that.
You may have to replace a few kneecaps, but no one's leaving this place.
Yo, check this out.
According to an unnamed source, the cause of death may be a highly pathogenic virus.
Oh, hell no.
That's how the zombie apocalypse starts.
I don't care who gets infected; we're out of here.
Out of my way.
Hey, Finch, Paulie's no Root.
But it looks like we have a reliable partner.
If we're gonna get to the bottom of Ko's death, we need all the help that we can get.
♪ ♪
[camera clicks]
Miss Groves, I'm sending you the lot number from Mr. Ko's antiviral injection.
We need to determine where it came from.
Got it.
The open system can track down the package's origins.
I'll try to figure out who's behind this.
Harry, be sure to wash your hands often and Bear's paws.
You're not supposed to be back here, I think, Mr....
Professor Whistler.
Professor Whistler, you and your comfort dog would be better off helping people out there stay calm.
Good idea.
Come on, Bear.
[printer hums]
Ko's blood work just came in.
H5N1.
Oh, no.
What?
Ko was already infected with avian flu before he arrived.
Bird flu... you suspected as much.
That's what killed him?
No, blood work indicates that we injected him with live human flu virus.
What? How could that happen?
I don't know, but we just combined two flu viruses and turned a deadly one into a very contagious one.
What are we dealing with here, Doc?
Avian flu kills 60% of people within 72 hours.
Combined with human flu virus, which has a transmission of ten to one, that means...
For every one person who gets it, ten more people will become infected.
[coughing]
[people exclaiming worriedly]
We're at ground zero of an outbreak.
Hey, look, how did he get out of his cell?
All guards report.
[alarms blaring]
Stop right there.
[grunting]
Wait, wait, wait, wait. You might need this.
You're not coming with?
I still got a job to do.
A job?
Friends I can't leave behind.
I can respect that.
Samuel.
Sameen.
Look, man, if you're ever in New York, look me up.
: Any official statements yet?
: The governor has put the National Guard on alert.
Mr. Ko was infected, waylaid, and turned into a potential weapon of mass destruction, but why here?
The Machine gave us his number.
If Ko's the weapon, then who's the target?
Now we have to confine the outbreak, locate a remedy, figure out who's behind this and why.
I'll stay close to Doc Mason, see if she can provide us with any clues.
The lab sent Ko's test results over to the CDC.
Until they can analyze the virus and locate an effective antiviral, we'll have to provide for ourselves.
How do we slow it down?
We keep a small batch of antivirals for avian flu in the emergency preparedness stock room on the other side of the ER.
It's no cure, but it can boost the immune system of someone who's infected.
[coughing]
[people exclaiming]
: Oh, man.
We'll have to act fast.
I know the stock room.
I'll retrieve the antivirals.
Antivirals?
I arrived here first. I call dibs.
No, man, we was here before you.
Listen, I was here first.
Okay, you're gonna need an escort.
Take Paulie and this guy with the dog to get the antivirals.
Be quick, but don't hurry.
Grab every mask you can find.
We're gonna need them all.
[phone rings]
You never told me this promotion depended on a check-up.
Congratulations, Jeff. You passed.
What? How is that possible?
I've been waiting here for 45 minutes.
The doctor hasn't even shown up yet.
Oh, we've had your medical information for months from your prison physical.
Then why am I here?
Don't worry.
They're not for you.
Make your way to the ER and await further instructions.
If I get stopped, people are gonna ask questions.
Most of the hospital's been evacuated.
It's under quarantine.
Quarantine?
I need you to make your way to the ER now.
What the hell is going on?
Am I gonna get infected?
You'll be fine.
I'm sure of it.
Bingo.
Come on through.
Detective Fusco with the 8th.
Got a real nightmare here.
I need you to close the gap of that perimeter over there.
I'm on it.
♪ ♪
Come on. There's got to be something.
Next time, steal meds that work.
Where are the hell are you with those antivirals, Finch?
We'll watch the door.
Suit yourself. We'll be right back.
Miss Groves, any updates?
I used the open system to track down the shipments of antivirals that were injected into Ko.
Both the antivirals and a shipment of live human flu virus from a research facility were rerouted to a lab in Albany that has since shut its doors.
Someone at the lab must've switched them.
They injected Ko with live human flu virus.
 they accidentally created a superflu.
So who benefits from creating an outbreak?
About that... I had the Machine analyze Ko's blood sample.
She ran through 5 trillion possible combinations of human flu and avian flu strains, and only one resulted in the proper re-assortment of chromosomes that would've produced the lethal virus that killed James Ko.
There's only one other entity capable of performing that caliber of sophisticated calculation.
Samaritan.
I think I know why.
I hacked the hospital's email servers.
Both Dr. Mason and Nurse Carol filed complaints with Admin Garcia about errors in the new health care database.
Mason went so far as to allege the deliberate manipulation of her diagnoses and prescriptions.
Samaritan has been manipulating the entire health care system through the database.
It's created the outbreak to target the three people 
 but surely an outbreak is overkill.
[grunting]
Oh, no.
Miss Groves, I'll get back to you.
Don't move.
No, please, we need those antivirals.
You just destroyed our only chance at fighting the virus.
No, I just ushered in the future.
This is station three. No sight of her.
♪ ♪
: Hold it.
I can't quite grasp why you even bother, knowing this is just another simulation.
Well, this axe I lifted last month when I took out two of your orderlies... it feels pretty real to me.
You must be exhausted, this never-ending desire to escape, even from a prison made entirely of pixels.
Well, if this is just another simulation, then prove it.
Shoot yourself in the head.
Why?
Just to make the programmers reboot?
Why would Greer build a Stanford Prison Experiment inside my head, in South Africa no less?
Is this just another one of your lame arguments to convince me that Samaritan is the good ASI?
This isn't Greer's idea at all.
The simulations are built on your memories.
Don't you recall your mission to South Africa?
You killed a Somali bomb maker in this very prison.
Sneaked into the same cell via the same route, through the wall.
That's not true. I was never in South Africa.
I was in Germany.
And a lot of other countries, but...
You're lying. I was never in South Africa.
After 7,000 simulations, it's only logical that some of your old memories have been replaced by new ones.
Now the two coexist side by side.
For example, I'm sure you can recall killing your friend John Reese.
Just as I'm sure you can remember murdering an innocent scientist.
I had no way of knowing that wasn't a simulation.
Reality denied comes back to haunt.
You're not sure of anything anymore, are you?
Everything will be fine.
Any second now, the technicians will come in and remove your VR head set, and you'll wake up.
You're right.
This is all just a dream.
[groans]
But I just really had to get that out of my system.
Oh, quit with all the drama.
Any second now, Greer will reboot, and you will be just fine.
But until then, why not a little joy ride?
♪ ♪
[tense music]
♪ ♪
I get it now.
The syringes are the cure.
Unfortunately, no.
The syringes are an insurance policy, Jeff.
Insurance policy? What... what's inside of it?
Blood sample from a patient that passed away this morning in the ER.
Never made it out of the hospital.
So what do you expect me to do with these?
Those are your targets.
One needle each.
No, I can't... I can't kill those people.
I'd be killing not only them but the people they're trying to save.
Whose prints are those?
They were collected by police last week at the scene of an armed robbery.
Remember your house painting partner?
He was arrested, 
 which may or may not match yours.
The police won't discover fingerprints or any other forensic evidence at this scene.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
Who are you working for?
I don't work for anyone.
It's no accident that you and your therapy dog ended up in the ER.
That tall cop working with you...
Sir...
Someone must be backing you. and it can't be the people who recognize my potential and offered me a healthy pension.
You've doomed us all by destroying those antivirals.
To the contrary, I'm gonna save all of you.
You have any idea how many people die in the U.S. every year from medical errors caused by humans?
400,000.
It's the third leading cause of death after heart disease and cancer.
All these antiquated doctors and nurses standing in the way, misdiagnosis, human fallibility... they're the disease.
Automation is the cure.
[phone vibrates]
Go ahead and take that.
Let's find out who your employer is.
Hello?
It is your boss, and she has a message for you: Aanval and ethylene oxide.
Aanval.
It's Dutch, Harry.
Bear, aanval!
[shouts]
What the hell happened?
He destroyed the antivirals.
Why did you do that?
You can't stop what's coming.
Here, keep an eye on him.
I have to go tell the others.
Miss Groves, the hospital administrator destroyed the antivirals.
Took an ASI to create this virus, and now it's gonna take another one to cure it.
Hang in there, Harry.
She's working on something.
Oh, come on.
I have faith in you.
That's my girl.
Stop!
Got you.
♪ ♪
Lionel, I told you to stay out of this.
Go after him.
Help, my arm.
Sorry, Doc, but I can't let you...
Let her through.
CDC just arrived.
That guy who stabbed Carroll, could he be spreading the virus?
He's an escapee from a psych ward, subject of an ongoing investigation.
We'll track him down.
Thank you for saving my life.
We'd have lost a lot more if it wasn't for you, Doc.
Busy night at the CDC, Miss Martin?
Not as busy as yours.
New antivirals from the lab at Mount Sinai.
How do we know these will work?
A clever virologist figured it out.
Thank you.
The Machine?
She diagnosed the new flu strain, then located an effective antiviral at a nearby lab in the midst of a double-blind trial.
Strangely, the lab just experienced a break-in right after an unannounced CDC inspection.
The advantages of an open system.
: Point made.
What the hell are we gonna do about Jeff Blackwell?
The Machine warned us of him months ago by giving us his number.
Samaritan went to great lengths to cover up its manipulation of the health care database.
I can't help but think we're missing something.
We keep losing numbers, Finch.
Not to mention the ones we never get, buried in tunnels.
And this outbreak... it could've killed thousands.
Including my partner.
What happened? You get fired?
Reassigned.
New partner, new desk upon request.
You asked for a new partner?
Time I work with somebody who appreciates me.
Shares information instead of keeping secrets.
I told you this is for your own good.
That nurse at the hospital, she ended up with permanent kidney damage.
It was a one-sided conversation, in case you've forgotten.
Did Elias help you track down Jeff?
You know how I found him?
I'm a detective. That's how.
Do me a favor.
Don't tell me not to do my job.
Find a new partner.
♪ ♪
Harold, to what do I owe the privilege?
Did you speak to Detective Fusco?
I hope the good detective is okay.
He is now, no thanks to you.
Perhaps if you had told me about my friend Bruce's death, I wouldn't have had to resort to other sources.
I didn't tell you because I was afraid you would seek retribution.
There are powerful forces in play.
You don't have to tell me, Harold.
I have a scar on my chest to prove it.
But a little advice: a leader enlists all his resources in war, not just his favorites.
This is a battle best fought alone.
John and I can handle it, and I'd appreciate it in the future if you would leave Detective Fusco out of this.
Some time ago, you gave me a book, advice for these troubled times.
I would like to return the favor.
War requires sacrifices.
I'll bear that in mind.
You know what your problem is, Harold?
No, tell me.
Underneath all that intellect, you're the darkest of all of us.
It's always the quiet ones we need to be afraid of.
I just hope I'm not around the day that pot finally boils over.
I'm afraid you're mistaken.
I failed.
I was only able to reach one of the targets.
No worries.
The mission was a success.
I don't get it.
How does your arm feel, Jeff?
A little sore?
Am I gonna get sick?
Do you know why you were selected?
Because of your genetic markers.
You're what scientists call an elite controller.
Elite controller?
Some elite controllers contract HIV but never develop AIDS.
Others are immune to Ebola.
Your genetic markers ensure that you will never contract any strain of avian flu.
This is why you selected me for this mission.
That and the survival skills you demonstrated in prison.
Why kill that doctor and nurse?
Sometimes you have to throw out a few rotten apples to save the lot.
How many apples?
And who gets to decide who stays and who goes? You?
After the news broke of a deadly outbreak, the CDC recommended everyone get tested so the government could identify those who need to be vaccinated by evaluating their genetic markers.
Next.
They're collecting everyone's DNA.
After 9/11, people were more than willing to allow the NSA to collect all of their personal data as long as it kept them safe, and now everyone will be safe from another threat.
Only this time, it will be disease instead of terrorism.
And what do you plan to do with all this data?
We're going to ensure that everyone has the same opportunity as you, Jeff.
The opportunity to live up to their full potential.
It's a simple calculation: once everyone's DNA is stored in the national health care database, then they just need to be... sorted.
Sorted.
In order to accomplish what?
To get us through the next great filter, of course.
What filter is that?
Our own savage history.
[alarm blaring]
♪ ♪
: More top stories at the top of the next hour.
And from America, yesterday in New York City, the sudden appearance of an exotic new flu strain caused a mass panic and sent citizens scrambling to get tested for a new vaccine. The outbreak has reportedly been contained. South African health officials have yet to respond to the news.
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
