My father cut off my mother's head.
My sister jailed me as a threat to her rule.
Lord Castleroy.
Greer, get back!
You have been named by another suspect in the attempted murder of King Francis.
He's in prison. He'll never be free again.
We have crippling military debts.
France is in debt to her soldiers who fought on Scotland's behalf.
You and father executed 13 knights on the trumped-up charge of heresy.
Simply because you couldn't pay them.
: I am under attack by a rogue group calling themselves the Red Knights.
I'm going to ask the Vatican for funds to wage war against John Knox.
He is trying to take my country.
(Bell tolling, crows cawing)
(Exhales)
Mother?
Wait, there's been a mistake!
Release the prisoner!
By my order, Anne Boleyn shall be pardoned!
Free her at once!
I said, release the prisoner!
By order of the queen!
Can no one hear me?!
I order this to stop!
Let her go! Mother!
Mother! No.
(Panting)
Highness, it's all right.
It's just that dream again.
No one heard me, did they?
: No, Your Highness.
Rest easy.
General Gaghan, I'm sorry to tell you the threat is very grave.
That is why I traded the English ambassador for your release.
A small but ruthless group of anarchists have been staging attacks against the Crown.
And until we know more, we need the French army to secure the throne.
Well, as soon as my soldiers are fully paid for their service in Scotland, I'm sure they will join me and the other generals in putting down any threat.
Which will be soon.
They will receive partial payment right away.
In the interim...
Majesty, there can be no interim or partial payment.
I was godfather to Francis and would give my life freely, but my soldiers...
Will desert if they are not paid.
I understand.
How about this?
We show the generals and their men how deeply we value their service by holding a feast in their honor.
Majesty, you're very kind, but know that a wealthy Greek prince is coming to France in two weeks to raise an army... with gold in hand.
Meaning our men will desert and join him as mercenaries.
Then tell your generals they will receive the money their men are owed, at the feast, in two weeks' time.
The generals will be very pleased.
General Gaghan.
Majesty.
Good to see you.
I heard what you said.
Why didn't you tell him those anarchists are the Red Knights?
And remind him we killed the last group of soldiers we couldn't pay?
No.
First we pay the army, then we crush the Red Knights.
But we don't have the money.
We will.
If you look hard enough, there is always an answer.
What do you mean, the answer is no?
France needs the Vatican's help, as you well know.
You're punishing me, aren't you?
Not at all.
You're angry that we traded Gideon Blackburn to Elizabeth for a vital French general.
Rome simply doesn't have the resources to help France.
Nonsense.
You wanted the English ambassador killed because he foiled your plot to put a Catholic king on England's throne in place of the queen standing before you.
That was never our goal.
Mary, you've always been the true Queen of Scotland and England in the eyes of Rome.
Now, if only Rome could give me a few less words of encouragement and a few more soldiers, I might actually be able to take my country back from rebels like the Protestant John Knox.
Our forces are now in Turkey, contesting the Holy Land.
But we can help you buy an army.
Would 100,000 livres meet your needs?
Thank you.
That would be quite useful.
Meanwhile, the king of France is left to do what?
Light a candle, pray for manna from heaven?
Catherine, I'm more than happy to share the Vatican's gold if France needs it.
After what you did for Gideon, I can't help but feel responsible...
Thank you, but I didn't trade Gideon for General Gaghan out of the goodness of my heart.
Gentlemen, please.
I need my very best military men around me.
And they cost a lot more than the mercenaries that you will require.
Speaking of your friend, the English ambassador, have you heard from him?
No.
He was planning to go to his sister's to find a secure place for his daughter.
From there, he's probably going to report to Elizabeth.
Where she should thank him for saving her life and her rule.
Which you will need to do for yourself, by returning home, to Scotland.
What will it be like when I return?
Cold.
Cold like you've never known.
Which is why... you will need these.
Oh, this is too much.
A whole new winter wardrobe must have cost a fortune!
Oh, hardly. Try it on.
Have you tried using your Medici connections yet for funds?
Perhaps, um... you recall a certain look-a-like cousin of mine?
: The one who hanged herself after her lover had that... sexual mishap?
Uh, that would be the one.
I wouldn't have thought she'd be missed, but as luck would have it, she turned out to be a favorite of my Uncle Alfonso, keeper of the Medici purse strings.
Mm, so he cut you off.
I'm sorry.
Things could be worse.
Better to have your purse strings cut than your...
How do I look?
Like a queen men would die for.
Thank you.
I only wish I knew where to look for such men.
Why don't you ask Bash?
He recruits the very best mercenaries for the kingsguard.
I hope I have enough gold to buy what I need.
Yes, you have enough gold.
Just.
Your timing is lucky.
I know of a small private army that's just come back from some fighting near Spain.
What do you know of them?
They're deadly, they're brave and they're looking for work.
Well, we must ride out to meet them as soon as possible.
Mary, they're mercenaries.
I am done leading from a distance, Bash.
I want to be where my people can see me, from now on.
Well, mercenaries are usually more moved by gold than politics, but I suppose it can't hurt.
We also might want to consider... other incentives.
You mean whores.
Yes, I've already thought of that.
I've written to Greer, repeatedly, to ask if I could hire some of hers.
Repeatedly?
She hasn't responded yet.
To this, or my last several letters.
Nor has she appeared at court lately.
Things have been somewhat awkward since she told me she'd rather stay in France than come to Scotland with me.
Half a million livres in two weeks?
And no help from the Vatican or from the Medicis?
Half a million, or our soldiers desert us for Greece.
Well, I can see only one option.
But what I'm proposing might be a little... unseemly for a young king to authorize so early in his reign.
Then he won't authorize it.
You'll do whatever it is and tell us after.
Mother, really, I don't like the sound of that.
Can you get us the money?
I believe I can.
Then do it, whatever it is, as soon as possible.
(Knocking at door)
I hope that's my food, Mimi.
I'm famished.
Your girl said I could bring this up for you.
She said you haven't left your room in weeks.
Greer, I've been so worried about you.
Why didn't you tell me?
I thought I could do it.
I thought, with my sister's help, I could keep my secret and give my baby a decent home at the same time.
But I was a fool.
Don't say that, Greer.
You are going to be a wonderful mother.
And you have enough money put aside for a comfortable life, don't you?
Comfortable isn't enough.
I want my baby to grow up with a good name.
I'll help you change your name, get you papers of recommendation.
Can you get me a husband, too?
Someone to be a father to this child?
Mary, you know the world we live in.
I also know that you already have a husband.
Lord Castleroy is a good man, and now, with Catherine as regent, I may be able to have him released from prison.
Aloysius was the best thing to ever happen to me.
But how can I ask him to be a father to another man's child?
And how can I ask you to help release him, when the conspiracy he unwittingly funded was responsible for your...
My rape.
You can say it.
I couldn't put you through those memories again.
Those memories are a part of me, Greer, but I am stronger than they are.
My life is once again the sum of my choices, not someone else's crimes.
And I choose to help my friend.
: I don't understand why we have to take time to visit the generals.
A king must always deliver good news in person.
Bad news should be sent via messenger, or let them find out on their own.
But, Mother, can we even be certain we have good news?
Narcisse wasn't sure he could get the money in whatever unseemly way he had in mind...
(Crowd shouting angrily)
What is that racket?
: It's them!
It's the royals!
It's the royals!
You, royals! Hey!
Here's all the tithe you'll get from me!
: Stand clear!
Back to the castle at once!
(Crowd continues shouting)
Narcisse. He must have tithed the peasants.
What?
It's a kind of emergency tax.
I know what a tithe is.
They've been tithed once already this year.
No wonder they're angry.
They can't afford to pay any more.
: We're marking 50 years since the coronation of King Henry VIII.
Is the Jubilee the biggest event of every year?
Yes. We all must demonstrate our admiration for the greatest king Englishmen can remember.
Although, this year, it might prove to be quite interesting.
Lady Beatrice Somerset promised to attend.
What do you know of my mother, Anne Boleyn?
I know she was so admired by King Henry that he cast aside his first wife to make her his queen.
He thought Anne would give him a son.
When she only gave him me, he had no more use for her.
Or her head.
Do you have any memories of her?
Not really.
I was two when she died.
And all I've heard since are the outlandish rumors my father trumped up to justify her execution.
They smeared her with every dirty accusation they could think of, adultery, treason, witchcraft.
Even incest.
That was the worst charge.
And it came from my mother's best friend, Lady Beatrice Somerset.
(Door opens)
Please, stay.
Sir Robert is just saying good-bye.
But I would happily abandon my trip north to stay by your side for the Jubilee.
Yes, but your duties as the Earl of Leicester cannot wait.
Oh, the sheep census?
My Queen, since foiling the Vatican's plot against you, I have new favor amongst the nobles.
There's no need to hide our friendship.
I'm afraid there still is.
This Jubilee must remind England that I am the great King Henry VIII's daughter.
Not Robert Dudley's mistress.
Right.
Just promise me that someday I'll hold you again.
That's all I ask.
Someday. Yes, of course.
I long for that, too.
Even if it takes years.
Years?
I don't know where you found the strength to send him away.
This Jubilee is a burden he could help you carry.
Actually, it's your help I need.
Your help to get revenge on Lady Somerset.
Me?
Can't you just have her seized by your guards when she arrives?
With my mother's blood staining the hands of so many nobles, I risk losing my throne if I so much as mention my mother's name, let alone try and avenge her.
I must smile in the face of her butchers.
Always my father's daughter.
That is why Lady Somerset thinks she's safe coming to my court, even though she is the liar who testified that my mother slept with her own brother.
And my father rewarded her lies by giving her my mother's family lands.
But what is it you're asking me to do?
Plant a stolen necklace on Somerset.
It will allow me to fine her so I can get my mother's lands back.
We were hounded by a mob of filth-hurling peasants!
All thanks to your brilliant tithe.
My sincere apologies.
I had no idea you intended to ride out.
Had I known, I would've warned you.
I know how you like to stay indoors during tax season.
Well, at least the money was raised.
Oh.
The money was raised, Stephan?
Well, with the peasants revolting, we would need the military to enforce collection.
And we can't ask the military to do that until we pay them.
Oh, dear Lord.
Well, what now?
You said if you look hard enough, there's always an answer.
Well, the last answer I could think of was trusting him.
I'm sorry. I need to think.
(Narcisse sighs)
Majesty, don't lose hope.
She's right, you know.
There is always an answer.
To begin with, we'll have to travel tonight.
Of course, Majesty, but leave the castle with the peasants revolting?
Pack for a day's travel, and pack warmly.
It's especially cold in the foothills of the Alps.
The Alps?
You're asking for almost all the gold the Vatican lent me.
How am I to pay for supplies?
Food, weapons?
With my men behind you, your loyalists will rally.
And the food and supplies will follow.
But I would be taking an enormous risk.
We are talking about war, aren't we?
Will you take a risk for me, then?
To prove what you're capable of?
What risk?
Not far from here is the Oubliette of Roussillon.
Lord Aloysius Castleroy is imprisoned there.
Free him, and you have the job.
Including all the gold you've asked for.
It's a royal prison, is it not?
For the force of your skill and size, it should be easy enough.
You drive a clever bargain.
We'll return with this Lord Castleroy by nightfall.
You told me you wanted to help Greer.
You didn't say it was by breaking her husband out of prison.
Does Catherine know about this?
Catherine asked not to know.
Because helping Castleroy would inflame her relations with the Catholic nobles.
In other words, she'll look the other way.
But how is Castleroy supposed to get by once he's free?
I will get him false documents.
So no one will know of his record as an insurgent.
You've thought of everything.
Now, tell me the plan again, so I know it's fixed in your mind.
Yes, when the nobles line up to be presented with favors, I'll slip those pearls into Lady Somerset's bag for the guards to find.
And you've seen her portrait, so you know who you're looking for?
And I know what she'll be wearing.
Once you've had her arrested and fined her to get your family's property back, will you show her mercy?
Like the mercy she showed my mother?
(Crickets chirping)
Bash, where are they?
Bonnay said they'd be back by nightfall.
Maybe Castleroy has been killed.
Maybe the men I need to take back Scotland have already died trying to rescue him.
Bonnay's men know what they're doing.
And so do you.
So much is about to change.
No matter what happens with Castleroy, Greer will probably have to leave French court to distance herself from her reputation.
And you'll be leaving soon as well.
For Scotland.
It seems unimaginable.
But yes.
We did it before, you and I.
Remember, when we ran away?
Of course.
How could I forget?
We were so desperate to avert the prophecy.
We would have done anything to save Francis.
They were complicated times.
I'll go tend the fire.
(Lively chatter)
(Cheering)
Remember, don't stare.
This casino is the one place in Europe a king can feel like a commoner.
Ah.
Knucklebones played with rubies.
That's a new one, even for me.
It was my favorite game last summer.
Charles!
My young prince is back.
But wait, I should say my young king.
Countess Van Court, always a pleasure.
I was hoping the deeds to the royal vineyards in Burgundy would do for our entrance stake.
Of course.
Knucklebones again?
You know me too well.
Hmm.
If you lose these vineyards, every man in France will riot in the street.
Then I'll be sure to win.
(Horses neighing)
Mary, come quickly!
Your man.
Or what's left of him.
: Good Lord.
Castleroy, is that you?
Bash, take him to the carriage.
He is to see a physician immediately.
: Ride hard, Majesty.
Or he might not make it.
(Lively chatter)
♪ ♪
(Crowd quiets)
To the greatest king and the greatest father England and the world has ever known...
King Henry the VIII.
: King Henry the VIII!
I would like to present my most loyal and patient courtiers with a golden favor in honor of this 50th Jubilee.
100 favors shall be awarded to those first in line to meet with Her Highness.
Any seeking a private audience must submit to a brief search by the Royal Guard.
Come along now, remain orderly.
(Gasps)
Did you just try to steal this woman's pearls?
No, of course not...
Then explain why they're coming from her bag, attached to your hand.
Oh, what a lovely necklace.
Where did you get it?
The queen's stolen pearls.
(Court gasping, murmuring)
Arrest them both.
But I-I...
So you say a man at the Jubilee paid you to hide the pearls in my bag?
I thought it was some secret code between you, that perhaps you were lovers.
I had no idea the pearls belonged to the queen.
But it makes no sense.
Whoever gave them to you, Elizabeth must've convinced them to do it.
And as a lady to the queen of Scots, you were nothing but a pawn in this.
You poor fool.
But what would Elizabeth have against you?
I should never have accepted the invitation to the Jubilee.
I should've known Elizabeth would be laying in wait for me.
You don't know how often I've wished I could speak with the queen to explain about Anne.
Explain what?
I am Lady Beatrice Somerset.
You must've heard all the stories.
The lady who sold out her dearest friend and her infant daughter.
Yes.
You told those outlandish tales...
Anne was guilty of witchcraft and other depravities.
Everyone knew Henry wanted her gone.
To speak ill of Anne was to curry favor with the king.
And that's what you did.
It wasn't my idea.
A chambermaid of Anne's claimed to have seen Anne and her brother George... together.
Wait, a chambermaid said this?
Anne's night maid.
But he knew that no one would believe it unless it came from someone like me, a close friend to Anne.
And so he turned the screws on my family.
Threats... and promises.
After the trial, Henry awarded me the Boleyn family lands.
And Henry knew the chambermaid's story was a lie.
Of course he did.
The only thing Anne was ever guilty of was not having a son.
(Footsteps approaching)
You're Nancy, correct?
Yes, I am, Your Highness.
(Door closes)
The night maid.
The one who said she saw Queen Anne lay with her own brother George.
Please, Highness, don't make me speak of that.
Why?
Was it too painful for you to condemn an innocent woman to death with your lies?
You don't understand, Highness.
Why you sent my mother to the headsman?
No, I understand that.
How often does a chambermaid get to bring down a queen?
Did my mother mistreat you?
Or was it Henry's flattery, his cajoling?
It wasn't a lie, Highness.
(Gasps)
I wish it was a lie.
The truth is much worse.
What?
I never blamed your mother.
She had no choice.
What are you saying?
Your father was so cruel to her.
Cruel to you, too.
"I just need a son," Anne would say.
"Then he'll treat Lizzy right."
She was desperate and afraid for both of you.
That's why she did it.
I saw them with my own eyes.
She didn't want an affair... just the baby.
She couldn't trust any man but your uncle to help her.
I was in the closet cot on night duty.
I never meant to spy, but the door latch was broken, and it wouldn't stay shut.
They couldn't go through with it though.
Anne was crying too hard.
You're lying. Tell me you're lying.
They tortured me two days before I told.
Someone else saw George leave Anne's room.
Henry knew I'd been on night duty, and if anything happened in Anne's chambers, I might know it.
(Gasps softly)
And he was right.
Oh, my God.
I told Henry they'd stopped, but he didn't care.
(Sighs)
He made Anne's friend tell the story he wanted.
Don't blame your poor mother for what she did.
She's in heaven now, if any soul is.
(Lively chatter)
(Laughs)
Fortune is smiling on you, sir.
That is half what we owe the armies in under an hour.
Well done.
I can double it with one roll.
We'll have all we need.
Shouldn't you bag some of your winnings, take it slowly?
It's a game of chance, and I'm on a streak.
Just as easily lose it all as little at a time.
I've gotten us this far, haven't I?
All in.
(Crowd murmuring)
: Sorry, sir. The house wins.
All wagers go to the house.
Too bad.
Fortune smiled, then she turned another direction.
So sad you'll have to go, my little king.
: We're not going anywhere.
Not until you give us a chance to win back what we've lost.
It seems your luck has run out, sir.
The same as your stake.
I'm not talking about games of chance.
There is always another game in a place like this.
Where is it?
We have a sort of... arena fighting downstairs.
Not for the squeamish.
But you... you have everything you need to place a bet.
We're not interested.
Oh, it's a pity.
Another match was just about to begin.
With the right wager, you could win four times what you lost with that last throw of the bones.
We're in.
Very good.
(Crowd cheering)
(Laughs)
My champion tore through all the challengers for tonight.
Yet the crowd wants more.
I'll give you 10,000 livres to wager on your own life if you'll take him on.
Very well.
You have a deal.
No, Narcisse.
You heard the countess.
The champion is undefeated.
Take a closer look.
See how he holds his dominant shoulder?
He's hurting.
That is why he is half-drunk.
Your life is too valuable for this.
No one life is more valuable than France.
: Place your bets!
We have a new challenger for our house champion.
Fighters to your marks.
Begin!
(Crowd cheering)
(Grunting)
(Groaning)
(Crowd cheering)
Come on, Narcisse. Get up.
(Laughs)
(Groaning)
(Groaning)
(Yells)
(Shouts)
(Groaning)
(Gurgles)
(Crowd cheering)
(Panting)
10,000 livres at 50-to-one odds.
You did it.
All the money we need to pay off the army.
How does it feel being the savior of France?
Better than being him.
Leave us.
You might have told me about the three nights in jail before I agreed to your plan.
And you might not have fumbled the pearls, and I wouldn't have had to spend the last three days convincing my privy council to let me pardon you.
And Beatrice Somerset?
Where was she dragged off to last night?
She offered to return my family's lands, and I accepted.
She leaves today with my forgiveness.
Your forgiveness?
What? But she confessed to lying about your mother.
I-I don't understand.
I never forgave my father for what he did to my mother.
But at the same time, I never forgot his brutal effectiveness as a ruler.
And then I learned things, ways in which he destroyed people's lives that I could never understand or imagine.
Now I know how I must rule.
I must always be seen as Henry's daughter.
But in my heart, I can be something so much different.
Your mother.
She was not perfect.
But the mistakes she made, she made out of love.
Love for me, even love for Henry.
Does this mean you might allow Robert Dudley to come home?
Nothing has changed between Robert and I.
We can never marry, and therefore he brings nothing to my life.
Does he not make you happy?
Elizabeth, do you love him?
Yes.
Are you sure?
Love is a risk for anyone.
But for you, knowing what love did to your mother, how could you not fear it?
Has it occurred to you that perhaps your heart chose Robert Dudley... a married man... for a reason?
You think the obstacle of Dudley's marriage was his main attraction?
Isn't it possible?
Because now that he's free, well, I don't see you fighting for him.
Are you saying I never really loved him?
No, I'm saying that there may be a greater love for you in the future, once you're open to it.
To him, whoever he may be.
I'm beginning to see why Mary chose you as her lady and as her friend.
You are brave, perhaps wise... and definitely loyal.
Uh, loyal?
My guards told me you never revealed my part in our plan to Somerset.
(Sighs)
She never would have told the truth had you told her our secret.
I owe you my thanks.
(Gasps)
John!
My precious boy!
Look at you walking!
My love!
Oh!
Oh, I missed you.
Oh, have you come to punish me for letting Charles sneak out of the castle on such a dangerous mission?
He told me all about it.
(Sighs)
You risked your life to save my son.
And France.
I want to say that if you were foolish enough to fight a gladiator, I'm hoping you are foolish enough to back a hated regent in turbulent times.
I want you as my lord chancellor.
Are you serious?
Are you going to make me ask twice?
No, I...
I am just the fool you're looking for.
France needs you, so get better soon.
♪ ♪
Seems like we're both much changed since the last time we saw each other.
Oh, Aloysius, I'm so sorry.
♪ The burning inside... ♪
I think we had best just get on with this.
♪ Starts to let go ♪

♪ Turns into smoke... ♪
Mary said you wanted to speak before you made any decisions about us.
I'm sorry it happened this way, but the fact remains, I'm having this child.
I would like to give it the best life I can.
I want my child to have a proper home... a loving home... and a good father.
♪ Everyone knows it... ♪
I would like my child to have you.
♪ The hope that you have ♪

♪ The dream that we were... ♪
Thank you for allowing me to see you before I made any decision.
Now I know my answer.
I'm sorry. I can't help you.
But, Aloysius, without you, I'm all alone.
I could give birth any day, and I have nowhere else to turn.
I'm sorry. I simply can't.
♪ A reason to live or to die ♪

♪ Won't you come home ♪

♪ Back to where your heart is... ♪
Lord Castleroy.
I know I can't imagine what prison must do to one's soul.
But I do know this, the love you felt for Greer, a love like that doesn't just disappear.
Not completely.
There is always an ember remaining.
Look deep in your heart for that ember, I beg you.
For her sake and yours.
♪ Won't you come home... ♪
(Knocking at door)
♪ Won't you come home ♪

♪ There once was a girl ♪

♪ Who's now just a ghost... ♪
I'm sorry for my behavior just now.
You deserve better.
That's quite all right. I understand.
♪ And everyone knows it... ♪
No, you don't.
No one does.
Coming back to normal life... the food, the freedom, the sunlight... it's all... it's all overwhelming.
I feel like I'm... I'm different.
Aloysius, I'm different, too.
Do you think you could try to start over with me?
To get back to where we once were?
♪ Back to where your heart is... ♪
I know it will take time, but...
Get back to what?
Was I ever what you wanted? Really?
Yes. Aloysius, I fell in love with you.
I know you've always doubted it, but it's true.
♪ Not the fight... ♪
(Sighs)
Your... courage, your cleverness, your kindness.
And that hasn't changed.
♪ Won't you come home? ♪

♪ Won't you come home? ♪
These will allow you to establish a new life anywhere in France.
Do you know where you'll settle yet or how you'll get by?
We're heading south.
Somewhere warm and bright.
♪ Then you make it light... ♪
I've saved enough for Aloysius and I to start over.
♪ Then you make it right... ♪
What odd turns our lives have taken.
Mary, I can't believe this is good-bye.
With Lola in England, you're the last of my ladies, Greer.
What will I do without you?
We came here to help you find your way at court.
You found your way a long time ago.
It was always more than that.
We're oldest and dearest friends.
And it breaks my heart to say it, but... friends grow up.
And sometimes grow apart, far from each other.
But I'll never forget what you've done for me.
For us.
♪ Because of mine... ♪
You're going to be so happy.
♪ Feel my fear... ♪
(Laughs)
♪ And yours align ♪

♪ Feel our fear... ♪
It's time.
Lord Castleroy shouldn't linger.
♪ Fall behind ♪

♪ Baby, I get dark ♪

♪ And then you make it light ♪

♪ When I break my heart ♪
(Horse whinnies)
♪ Then you make it right ♪
(Sobbing)
♪ Baby, there's an art... ♪
I lose everyone I love.
♪ To how you live your life... ♪
Not everyone.
♪ Baby, I get dark... ♪
Oh, you're right, Bash.
I've made so many friends here.
Especially you.
(Sniffles)
Mary, don't be upset by what I'm going to tell you.
I don't mean to add to your burdens, only lighten them.
Of course. What is it?
You're going to Scotland soon.
You're going to face terrible dangers there.
You're not going to know at first who your friends or your enemies are.
You're going to need someone close who can protect you.
Someone whose love for you cannot be questioned.
Bash...
I'm going to Scotland with you.
No, I can't let you do that.
I'm not asking for anything in return.
I know that you have to marry a prince or a king.
But what you said to Castleroy, the embers that burn in your heart... and they never go cold, not completely.
I know, because, trust me, I've tried to douse mine.
But I'm done trying.
Those embers, they keep me warm.
And they will, as long as I'm lucky enough to serve you.
♪ Baby, when I'm dark ♪

♪ You always make it light. ♪
Honored generals, the Valois are pleased to present you with payment of all wages due to the brave soldiers who served in Scotland.
: Today's threats come from anarchists; tomorrow's may come from abroad.
But with you in our service, France shall feel no fear.
We pledge our lives to the defense of your crown, your reign and your realm.
Long live King Charles.
And a long life to all those who stand before me.
: Long live King Charles.
Now, please, bring out more wine and enjoy this feast.
Majesty, a tribute was just delivered to your chambers.
The messenger suggested it was to be worn at the banquet.
Was it from Mary, perhaps?
Or Narcisse?
Charles, don't stop with the toasts.
I'll be just a moment.
"History repeats itself."
The Red Knights mask.
No.
No, no, no.
Charles.
Oh, please.
Not Charles, please.
(Gasps)
Darling.
Let go. He's dead.
He's gone.
I don't understand.
He's been poisoned.
I don't understand.
(Gasps)
Did you do this?
This was the Red Knights.
They just left their calling card in my chambers.
I drank the same wine they did.
That means the glasses were poisoned.
All but ours.
Which means that they are inside the castle, able to pick and choose who they will kill.
But why spare us?
They want the world to think that we did this... killed the generals to get out of paying them.
Murdered them, like the knights before them.
And the world will believe it, as history repeats itself.
But we had the money.
We were repaying them.
Don't you see?
Everyone who knows that is dead.
And when word of this gets out, the army will rise up with the people, and we will burn.
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
