 Reign...
Your generals. Who did this?
It was the Red Knights.
They left a calling card in my chambers.
I'm bringing the ships in for maintenance at the end of month.
I can have them back on the North Sea in a week's time.
I suppose a week is a small price to pay to maintain our fleet.
I received a message this morning from Lola.
Then I realized this was not a letter to me, but a coded message for you.
She's saying there's a week when I can have safe passage across the North Sea. I'm going home.
: 
You had my sister beaten so you could reclaim the regency.
You deceived and betrayed me.
Claude, please...
Go to hell!
You may be regent, but I am king, and you will pay for what you've done.
(Panting, gasping)
(Screams)
♪ ♪
(Indistinct conversations)
♪ They all need ♪

♪ Something to hold on to ♪

♪ They all ♪

♪ Mean well... ♪
There's another one alive here!
♪ I will not fold ♪

♪ She's in control ♪
(Coughing): Help me.
♪ I will not fold ♪
(Panting, gasping)
♪ I will not fold ♪

♪ She's in control ♪
(Panting, gasping)
(Muffled squealing)
Keep quiet, or we're next.
: Put them all to the sword.
Where is Bash? Did you see him on the beach?
No.
: Look over there.
How did you get ashore?
Two crewmen and I clung to the mast.
We washed ashore about 1000 strides from here.
I found a dozen or so mercenaries.
When the pillagers arrived, they chose to save their own lives.
The few soldiers I had left deserted.
And I don't blame them.
They're vulnerable and unarmed on foreign soil.
Foreign soil for them, for me it's home. Scotland.
Mary, we have to go.
Found one more.
Still breathing.
: It's Bash. He's alive.
We have to stop them.
: Give me your sword.
It's gone.
Then we have no choice.
Look away.
(Horses whinnying)
They're taking him, the Druids.
What the hell kind of country do you have here?
We have to follow them.
I couldn't save anyone else, but I won't leave Bash behind.
I brought my best chef back from London.
We'll sample his menu later.
You're really going all out to impress the prince of Denmark.
Yes, our correspondence has been warm, encouraging.
And he knows I'm seeking a husband.
Denmark's quite a small nation.
Are you really considering such a union?
Sweet Lord, no.
Denmark's main export is oxen.
England suffered an outbreak of hoof-and-mouth disease that nearly wiped out our livestock.
We need beasts of burden to plow our fields before the harvest, or we'll all starve.
The romantic life of a queen.
Don't you wish you were still unwed?
Speaking of, I didn't mention you were married.
Prince Magnus' companion is also seeking a bride.
But what's the harm in a little flirting?
Especially when you care for your husband so little.
I didn't say I don't care for him.
That's right, the words you used were, "morally corrosive and very sexy."
(Laughs)
Remember, be charming, even if his friend is boring and hideous.
What makes you think he'll be either?
So they shine in comparison, royals often surround themselves with the less attractive.
I don't mean you, Lola.
: Your majesty, the prince of Denmark.
Your majesty.
Prince Magnus.
Yes.
May I present Prince Magnus of Denmark.
Oh.
: 
 you can bribe your way back into my good graces?
You paid a man to marry me, and then assault me on my wedding night.
Claude, your ordeal with Duke Bionel, it was abhorrent, but can't you take comfort in knowing it was for the greater good?
What good? You becoming queen regent?
Charles and I both know you tricked Lord Narcisse into accepting the duke's proposal on my behalf, then had me beaten.
To discredit Narcisse, and have him removed as regent, yes, I did that.
You didn't just have him removed, you manipulated Charles into doing it for you.
I will split hairs with you no longer. Narcisse had to go.
You may loathe me in private, but you will keep your disdain a secret.
The Red Knights would like nothing more than to see this family fractured.
And what exactly are your plans to apprehend those knights?
This is an enemy unlike any we have faced.
We don't know their numbers, nor their leader.
Only their agenda, which is to discredit and destroy the Valois.
My response is to quietly gather intelligence, determine their next move, and catch them in the act.
Sitting and waiting is not a strategy.
We need a plan of action.
My plan will not be questioned further.
I'm the one in power, and you will listen to me.
You are hereby ordered to stay safely within the walls of this castle until the Red Knights are brought to justice.
Can't you just lock her up?
Unfortunately, no.
She deceived the king.
We have Christophe's letter as proof.
We can show it to the privy council.
You told her there would be consequences.
One of which would be me exposed as a gullible fool.
I pressured the council to remove Lord Narcisse as regent and install Mother in his place.
My nobles can't know how she tricked me.
It's maddening how she constantly gets her way.
Not for much longer.
The moment I learned of Mother's treachery, I hatched a plot that will not only remove the queen regent, but get rid of the regency all together, leaving me to rule on my own.
By law, you can't until you're of age.
Privy council has the power to declare me of age early, if I can prove, through merit, that I am fit.
I plan to bring down the Red Knights by myself.
And when I do, the council will have no choice but to see me as a legitimate leader.
The captain told me we would land in Edinburgh around dawn.
Considering the storm hit us from behind and raged all night, I would say we've landed somewhere north of there.
It's isolated and sparsely populated.
If we run into any locals, what are the chances that they'll be happy to see you?
: In this region, it would be an equal mix of Scots who support me, and those that want me ousted.
The only reason that I'm on this godforsaken rock is to get to Lola in England.
The only reason I am with you, my constant foe, is to rescue Bash.
I read about these people, look.
That is a wicker man.
They burn people inside it as human sacrifice.
That's not true.
My Scottish nannies told me that they are a peaceful and misunderstood people.
You think you know your country and your subjects, but you don't.
This is a broken land.
It's devastated and ripped apart by England and France.
You saw what happened on the beach.
They kill foreigners, they don't reason with them.
I am not a foreigner, I am a Scot.
Raised in French court.
Scotland may have been on your mind all these years, but it's not in your soul.
It's like that scabbard you carry, you may wish it held the blade that Francis made for you, but it is still empty.
(Thunder rumbling)
I understand that you hate me for driving a wedge between you and your wife...
One brick in a very long wall.
But I didn't have to bring you with me.
You promised protection and tactical knowledge on this journey, so provide it!
Save Bash and then we will go our separate ways, you to England to return Lola home, and me to Edinburgh, to meet my regent and half-brother James, who will restore me as Scotland's queen.
Well, if the locals in these parts are hostile to you, it is better that your identity remain secret.
From the shipwreck, I took papers from the bodies of your chambermaid and her brother.
So, congratulations, we're siblings.
(Dog barks)
: They're going hunting.
We should go now.
If they are unfriendly, at least their numbers will be diminished.
I see most of your rooms face south.
To embrace the light.
In Denmark, in the summertime, the sun never sets.
Isn't it quite dark this time of year?
A minor concession.
There's so much wonderful literature and theater, we barely notice.
Yes, you mentioned that.
Oh, and if you tasted our cuisine, you'd never eat bland English food again.
Have you considered hiring a Danish chef?
Oh, no, what would be the point?
You could never achieve the same richness of flavor, not with fish caught in your part of the sea.
You think our part of the sea is worse?
It might be why your air has a certain odor.
(Sniffs) It lingers.
In Denmark the air is...
Superior? Am I right?
You are, you are indeed.
You don't miss French court?
I do, but it's rather fascinating getting to know another queen.
So you're like an informal emissary.
How intriguing.
But even more intriguing is how a woman as lovely as you has yet to wed.
Uh, actually, I have wed.
I had a husband, but he...
There was a fire, and he was gone.
I'm so sorry. Any children?
A son. He's here, under the supervision of a very kind nanny thanks to Elizabeth's generosity.
So you're free to spend your day with me?
Absolutely.
Wonderful.
As is this castle, Your Majesty.
Eh, if only they could re-orient it so the landscape looked less... flat.
In Denmark...
Please.
I... (Clears throat) meant I would like to show you something.
(Sighs)
(Whispering): Prince Magnus.
(Scoffs) Why it sounds as though you are standing right beside me.
Welcome to the Whisper Gallery.
: It's an architectural feat.
The acoustics are designed to carry one's voice a great distance, but if you were to stand over there, you'd hardly hear her.
How magical.
My father designed it so he could secretly woo women, even as he stood next to their husbands.
But the surprises don't end here.
Come. I got you something.
: As we arrived, we saw nothing but the dullest greens and browns.
When did it snow?
It didn't, I had it brought in for you.
And your favorite winter game, Fange Flage.
I love it!
Keep it up, I might even give you a deal on those oxen.
(Bash coughing)
: Tesei trin druh 
Tesei trin druh fram bre swaq ped.
Du ghoil breen truv kol.
(Bash gasping)
Treh gom knowl, 
Seq druven begnan si.
: Stop!
: Those snakes are poisonous?
He'll die.
Unhand our friend, you savage.
Stand your ground.
He has drawn Sea Breathe.
It will kill him, but this ritual could help. If he is fated to live, the snakes will not strike.
(Labored breathing)
(Hissing)
The Druid's Egg, secreted by the serpents and marked by their tongues, restores all.
(Labored breathing continues)
(Coughs)
(Gasping, coughing)
He will survive.
My newly created spy network, "The Phantom Brigade," is an exclusive group. I chose you, not just because of our years of friendship, but because you come from France's most influential families.
Through your connections, we will root out this nation's most insidious enemy.
She's coming.
Oh, God, that vase was a gift for my 18th birthday from Pope Paul III.
It's fine.
I always hated the hideous thing.
You boys have fun.
Your mother's in a rare mood.
She wants me to like her again.
: I'm still confused.
Why are we playing battledore and shuttlecock in public if our meetings are supposed to be secret?
Our meetings are secret, but when the queen regent sees us together, I want her to think I'm entertaining feckless youths, not my agents of espionage.
Which brings us back to our mission.
Now, tell me, who has dug up information on the Red Knights?
No one has anything?
Well, keep at it.
Let me know as soon as there's news.
Now let's eat.
You have something to share, don't you Felix?
It's likely nothing, but I didn't want to mention it in front of the others to avoid ridicule.
(Whispering)
(Scoffs) That's not nothing.
That may just be the information I need to vanquish the Red Knights and force my mother from the throne.
The goal is to capture the other nation's flag from atop its fort. If you are tagged, you must freeze... until one of your teammates tags you.
Shall we play with snowballs counting the same as a touch?
Why not?
What fun.
Oh yes, we Danes used to raid your country all the time, you know.
At one point we'd even taken over your people completely.
That was 600 years ago.
The glory days of the Vikings are over.
We shall see.
Elizabeth, men in general like to win.
Prince Magnus seems a very proud man.
Denmark has things that England needs.
Plus, you want him to want to marry you, don't you?
So let him win.
♪ There's no right or wrong way to go ♪
(All laughing playfully)
♪ 'Cause you never know ♪

♪ You never know ♪

♪ It's better to say yes or no ♪

♪ 'Cause you never know ♪

♪ You never know ♪
(Both grunting, giggling)
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
(Elizabeth giggling)
(Grunts)
(Laughs)
(Scoffs)
(Grunts)
(Laughs)
I was frozen! You hit me already.
Denmark is the best! (Laughs)
Denmark is the best!
Oh, yes! (Laughs)
I've done it! I've won.
Denmark is the best. Hello.
(Groans)
Denmark is the best.
Weapons are being secretly amassed in Orsay.
My spy told me.
You have a spy?
Several, actually.
I took a page out of Mother's book.
She has courtesans gathering information for her.
I've recruited my highborn friends to do the same for me.
Daniel's father is a general in the elite gendarmerie.
Thierry's is a rector at the University of Paris.
I've heard universities can be hotbeds of anti-monarchist movements.
Did Thierry tell you of the munitions stockpile?
No, that was Felix, the son of Duke Jean-Dubois, whose duchy includes...
The Port of La Rochelle?
Precisely.
Felix went to his father's office and snuck a look through the shipping logs.
He noticed crates of weapons being moved through the port, then on to Orsay.
And what's so odd about that?
Orsay is a farming town.
They don't need those armaments.
What if the Red Knights are headquartered there?
It's a hunch worth looking into and I plan on doing it myself.
It's too risky.
Claude, I must take personal credit for this triumph.
But you're hated in Orsay. The last time you were there, the villagers pelted your carriage with rocks and rubbish.
Narcisse imposed a tax on them and I was blamed.
Regardless, I am going. I just need protection.
The only problem is the Red Knights have infiltrated the kingsguard.
I don't know who I can trust.
In the kingsguard? I do.
It's the man I'm going to marry.
(Giggling)
Hello.
Are we dancing?
Tonight and forever, my darling.
I told you I'd use my connections to help you rise in station.
And I did. You are now working as the right-hand man to the king.
Together you'll expose the Red Knights, and topple the regent.
Our regent?
Your mother, Catherine de Medici?
No.
Yes.
And once my brother is declared sole ruler of France, he has promised to make you a duke, the highest title in French nobility.
High enough to marry me.
(Glasses clink)
Oh, dear, but this, Charles' idea, it's, it's...
Difficult? Daring?
Dangerous?
Of course it is.
But Charles is smart, and you are brilliant.
No more brilliant than Catherine.
I don't know who to fear more, the Red Knights or her.
My mother's a genius, but she's also selfish, corrupt, and not worthy to rule.
Charles is like Francis.
Fair and kind. He represents the France of tomorrow.
The France you and I will flourish in.
You speak of the fates of royals.
My life doesn't merit being lumped in with theirs.
It does.
You are a good man, deserving of this opportunity.
All right.
I will report to Charles at once.
Booked passage with mercenaries?
It's all we could afford.
We're from this... humble town near Paris, where the money was running low.
Found a rich Scot to marry my sister Pauline.
We were heading to, um...
Falkirk.
Near Edinburgh.
After the shipwreck, we followed you to ensure Bash's safety.
He is a loyal servant of ours.
Thank you for your hospitality, Senneck.
It's a virtue we adhere to.
Along with honor, loyalty, justice.
Then how do you explain the wicker man?
Pierre.
He's not the first to think we're savages.
Most of our countrymen fear and hate us.
We're not nomads by choice, we're driven to be so.
When we first came upon this oak grove, there was mistletoe clinging to the branches.
The sign of a sacred place.
So we made camp and built the effigy.
For protection, not human sacrifice.
If it keeps us from harm, we'll burn it to thank the gods.
Hopefully, we're safe until spring.
Who's there to threaten you out here?
There's not a village for miles.
The Wulvers are always in pursuit.
They live by feeding off others.
They pillaged your ship. Murdered the survivors.
These Wulvers, that's not a clan name, is it?
It's our term for them.
Named after a beast that's half-man, half-wolf.
They're our most deadly foe.
Surely Scotland's ruler can help you with your plight.
Have you taken this affair to the regent?
We want nothing to do with politics.
It's never aided us before.
The Wulvers are anti-government revolutionaries.
They detest the current regime.
You'll soon marry into this country and learn that it's a fractured place of hate and distrust.
Maybe if a great unifier appeared.
A leader we could all put our faith in.
But who is up to that task?
I don't know.
(Birds cooing)
Let's get started.
We still have two barns to search down the road.
Orsay doesn't have many buildings large enough to house the number of weapons we're looking for.
We're running low on options.
Have hope, Your Majesty.
Gun powder.
There's loads of it.
Whoever stockpiled this could start a war.
The Red Knights' emblem.
I have a plan, but it will require additional men who can fight.
Back at the castle, I can handpick a team of kingsguards.
Ones that I can personally vouch for.
Perfect, then we return here and use this gunpowder to blow this silo to the heavens.
The explosion will draw out the Red Knights.
They'll come running to save what's left of their weapons and when they do...
We'll be waiting.
It's going to be a stunning victory.
One the privy council can't ignore.
Long live King Charles.
Will you be visiting Elizabeth's palace in London as well?
I'm afraid we're heading back to Denmark tomorrow, which is why I'm keen to spend every remaining moment with you.
I'm quite smitten.
I get the sense, though you are widowed, that you're not necessarily interested in marriage, am I right?
Uh, you are, I'm afraid.
Then forgive me for being so bold as to ask, would you be interested in anything else?
In my chambers tonight, for example.
(Chuckles)
There's the smile I was hoping for.
I didn't say yes.
Allow me to charm you some more and we'll work on that next part.
We'll talk of livestock soon enough.
Now, the thing you'll love about the Baltic Sea...
If we could stay on topic of trade for just a moment more.
The oxen are yours, Elizabeth.
(Sighs)
Draft your statement thanking Denmark for saving England from famine... no, ruin... and you'll have your deal.
Saving England?
This is hardly charity, you're charging us a fortune for those bovines.
They are magnificent animals.
Better than you ever had here.
And, I'm sorry, I must insist on the public statement.
You can help us spread the news of Denmark's glory.
You'll feel the same way.
You'll love Copenhagen.
You think I'll abandon my country and move to Denmark?
Oh, no, I was thinking of it more as, "Even Elizabeth, ruler of England, chose Denmark."
(Clears throat) Excuse me, please.
(Sighs)
Elizabeth.
 am saving England from famine, 
 am the more important play on the world stage.
Do the Danes brainwash their royals, or are they too sheltered to recognize how puny and insignificant they are?
England should invade Denmark.
It would take barely any effort to crush their people and their arrogance.
(Clears throat)
Magnus, I...
Did you just declare war on my nation?
I think you misheard.
I know what I heard, thanks to your father's Whisper Gallery.
Now you hear this.
You can kiss your oxen and me good-bye.
(Huffs)
We are leaving. Now.
You mustn't go.
Seeing how upset you were when you left the table, I came to apologize.
I may have bragged a bit about my country, but that's only because you and England have a reputation for believing no other nation or ruler compares.
You're reacting to words said in frustration, words...
Words Queen Elizabeth didn't even say.
It was me, I said it.
I felt you were insulting the queen, my host and my dear friend.
There will be consequences.
Grave consequences.
I'm sorry to do this, I truly am.
You are hereby banned from Denmark.
For life.
It's a fate worse than death apparently.
Oh.
I've come to tell you that Bash's condition has improved.
He'll be on his feet by tomorrow.
You're packing?
Were you planning to say good-bye, or were you just going to scurry off like a rat with a mouth full of cheese?
I made it abundantly clear my only goal is to find Lola.
And lest you continue to think of me as rodent-like, I checked with Senneck on Bash's progress earlier to make sure you had someone by your side before I left.
So, you don't need me any longer.
I do.
You were right.
I don't know this land, I don't know these people.
And, while I've been trying to appear confident, what if I'm not fit to reign over Scotland?
If you're worried about the Wulvers and the Druids, some rogue clan and a bizarre tribe in white, are not your country.
No, they are one brick in a very long wall.
What about the Protestants and Catholics?
What about me and John Knox, a religious zealot who despises female monarchs?
Accompany me to Edinburgh.
When I am on the throne, I promise I will obtain Lola's release.
Please!
I cannot help you be queen!
Or Scottish.
Time and again, you have shown an uncanny ability to emerge from adversity unscathed and on top.
You did it in France... much to my great annoyance... and you will do it here.
I can spend no more time on your journey, I have my own.
You care for Lola.
I see that.
Give the identification papers I was using to Bash.
He's your brother now.
Good-bye, Mary.
My team of trusted Guards is ready.
We'll meet them in the woods beyond the village and then head to Orsay.
Ah. My escape team.
The secret passageways are clear.
There's a humble horse and carriage waiting below as you requested.
Your Majesty, may I have a word?
I've been thinking, and it would be most prudent if... we completed the mission while you stayed here.
What?
But Charles has to be there in order to be credited for the win.
We will make it abundantly clear, especially to the nobles, who is responsible.
Claude, I took a vow to protect the king's life.
I ask you to consider another vow.
That of marriage.
Do you wish to wed my sister or not?
Please do not die, Your Majesty.
The only death dealt today will be to the Red Knights.
Our mission is to blow up their munitions stockpile in Orsay.
I'm going to someone to run ahead, scout the target and make sure no one's there.
I'll go.
I'm the fastest rider.
I'll also need a decoy in my bed pretending to sleep off a hangover.
Got it.
Felix, you and I will rendezvous with Leith and travel with him.
Godspeed, brother.
Charles will be fine.
There's something more on my mind.
Have you ever wanted something so much that the fear of not getting it makes you wonder if you ever should've wanted it at all?
It's how I feel about you.
Something we both want so deeply warrants a bit of fear, because I don't want to live without you.
And after this, I won't have to.
No one will ever keep us apart again.
(Door opens)
Lola.
Something occurred to me.
How ludicrous my Danish punishment is?
You were awfully quick to take the blame for my harsh words.
Well, you were awfully quick to benefit from it.
I'm serious.
Why did you do it?
I suppose I wasn't thinking.
I'm not sure I believe that.
I think back on your kindnesses.
Ways in which you extended yourself to me through words and council designed to help me and to get me to like you.
Why is that so odd?
No, it is wise to be kind to your captor, but I think you took a risk, hoping I would take risks around you.
Maybe tell you something I wouldn't otherwise.
Information you could share with Mary.
I have shared no information with Mary.
I don't have any information 
 share.
I've been here for months, and in your company enough to see how complicated your position is.
My position on Mary, your friend, is simple.
I'm a threat to her life and your nation.
Because England and Scotland share borders.
Because radical Protestants and Catholics hate each other.
Because the blood in your veins divides people into camps, encouraging battle for a single throne.
You're a good person.
And so is she.
Both in untenable situations.
I feel Mary's is worse.
Scotland is now Protestant.
What will she do?
She can't stay in France permanently.
Well, why not?
She's loved by the French people, hated by so many of her own.
I can't see her rushing back to a country she's never really known.
Not without a strong ally to help her take her nation in hand.
So you're saying you think she'll wait for a powerful Catholic king to be by her side.
That she won't return until she's wed.
I don't know.
But I do wish that you could see Mary as something other than an evil foe.
And believe that I might actually be a friend.
I will try.
That's what you said about Magnus of Denmark.
You didn't manage it.
Well, I didn't take him out with a snowball.
That's progress, isn't it?
Once I'm settled, I assure you, I will repay you for these horses three-fold.
I'm certain you'll make good on that promise, Mary, Queen of Scots.
I know I speak the truth.
How? Have you seen my portrait?
No one in this region has been to Edinburgh Castle, let alone the portrait gallery.
Rest assured, your identity is a secret here.
And one I intend to keep.
I don't understand how you knew.
I didn't at first.
The tales of our far-off queen have been told so long.
I pictured you older, but here you are, so young.
The fact that you might be Scotland's monarch washed ashore wasn't even a possibility, until I looked in your eyes.
And what did you see?
The human soul is immortal.
When we die, we live again in another.
Inside you, I recognize your father, King James, and his father before him.
Do not fear what is to come.
All you need to bring this country together you already possess.
The spirit of Scotland is in every beating of your heart.
Welcome home, Your Majesty.
Your kindness will not be forgotten.
: They've given us more supplies than we can carry.
Thank you, Senneck.
I owe you my life.
I know you don't subscribe to our ways, but everyone can use a blessing for the road.
We'd be honored to have yours.
Grant, oh, gods, thy protection.
And in protection, reason.
And in reason, light.
And in light, truth.
(Horse whinnying)
(Choking)
It's the clansmen.
If they see you, they'll kill you.
I can fight.
You're still too weak.
In here, quickly.
(Men yelling)
(Swords clashing, men grunting)
(Groans)
(Yells)
(Groans)
We can't escape. They've surrounded the camp.
We have to hide and I know where.
What are those for?
You heard Senneck, If the Wulvers find us, we won't have a chance.
Unless we can get them to take mercy on us.
These could help.
Can you heal that, Healer?
See anyone else alive, boys?
Who are you?
I'm Pierre. This is my sister, Pauline.
We were sailing here from France when our ship sank.
And the men in white caught us.
They were going to burn us alive at sundown.
Thank God you saved us from those heathens.
Indeed.
A pretty lass like yourself should be loved, not sacrificed.
Are you at war with the Druids?
War? No.
Just clearing our lands of garbage.
They've plundered our hunting grounds and our fields.
They're a threat.
As you might assume we are, if you survived that shipwreck.
You saw men like me kill your fellow travelers, didn't you?
I wasn't there, but I was told the injuries your companions suffered.
It was beyond hope.
They have a saying here, "Dead men are free men."
For us, it was an act of mercy, not murder.
We understand.
Now, with your consent, My sister and I must go to Falkirk.
We're on our way to meet her husband-to-be for the first time.
We're heading that way, you'll travel with our caravan.
Oh, no, we can't trouble you.
Would you like to die?
Clearly, you're new to Scotland or you'd know that these roads are treacherous.
Bands of filthy Druids still lurking about.
But you're safe with us.
I think his generosity is an act.
He must have some use for us.
Yes, as hostages.
Lady Lola.
You look uneasy.
Just surprised, that's all.
Have the Danes gone?
Gone, just as others arrived on this island's shores.
Survivors from a French merchant ship that sank off the coast of Scotland.
The captain of Magnus' Danish ship told me.
What is odd is that no cargo washed ashore.
The bodies that did, however, were loaded with weapons.
They weren't sailors, they were soldiers.
Mercenaries crossing from France through the North Sea, which, conveniently, was unguarded as my fleet was in for service.
It's quite a coincidence, don't you think?
I'm not sure what you mean.
Ask what you really want to know.
Whether your queen is dead.
I believe she is.
You told Mary where to cross.
Somehow you learned my fleet would be out of commission and you told her.
And I want you to know something.
I don't blame you.
What?
You can't blame yourself either.
Do you have proof that she was aboard?
Proof that she's dead?
It's her ship, Lola. I know it in my bones.
If she'd landed safely days ago, why hasn't she reclaimed her throne?
I would prefer a body, but the ship sank beyond the rocks, and many of the corpses will never be found.
This can't be.
If Mary is gone, Scotland will fall into chaos and you will not be safe there.
You yourself said you didn't want to return to France, to your husband.
You lied to me, but 
 I believe, was truth.
I don't understand, why aren't you angry with me?
Because you were loyal to your friend... your queen... till the end.
I could use a friend like that, which is why I'm inviting you to stay here in England, with your son.
Not as prisoners, but as English subjects.
Think about it.
I'm sorry for your loss.
(Sobbing)
The door's locked. No one's come or gone in the hour I've been waiting. The Red Knights aren't there.
They'll come as soon as the first starts.
Is the kingsguard ready?
In position, hiding in the narrows.
All right then. Here we go.
: Good shot, Charles.
: If there's so much gunpowder in there, why won't it go off?
Give it a moment.
Something's wrong. We need to drop back.
Not yet, let me see what's happening.
Felix, no.
(Groans) Help!
(Both coughing)
(Gasping, coughing)
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
The weapons are gone.
There's just grain inside, burning grain.
: Fire! Fire! Fire!
Save the silo or we'll starve.
(Villagers shouting)
It's the kingsguard.
Stay back.
Protect the king!
: The king is under attack!
Kingsguard, no not attack! Do not attack!
: There's been a terrible mistake, we're in search of enemies of the crown.
The king is here to punish us.
They think you're burning their food for revenge.
Retribution for refusing your tax.
No, we're after the Red Knights!
(Indistinct shouting continues)
Get the king back to the castle!
Stay back!
(Grunts)
Do not attack!
(Grunting)
: The Red Knights caught on to us, but how?
I took precautions.
Are they launching a counter-attack as we speak?
Is the castle in danger? What have I done?
(Horse whinnying)
It's the Red Knights.
Thierry, run!
(Grunts)
I told them to move the weapons.
But thanks for sharing your plan and giving me a head start to the location.
Gave us loads of time.
You're a traitor.
No, Charles, I'm a patriot.
(Indistinct conversations)
(Man groaning)
(Groaning continues)
(Gasps)
(Panting)
You...
I'm so sorry.
(Moans)
Here.
Drink this.
You have magic in you.
Mount up.
If we leave her here, she won't survive.
Good, she won't survive anyway, let's go.
(Clears throat)
(Sighs)
Allow me.
Oh, thank you, Duncan.
Is something wrong?
I'm just nervous.
It's been quite a dangerous journey so far.
We'll take good care of you.
Are you all right?
The Druids called them Wulvers, but I saw a pin on Duncan's cloak that bears the insignia of the Clan MacFie.
These men don't just hate my regime, these are the ones who tried to assassinate me and killed Francis instead.
We need to escape.
When you're safely on your throne, we'll rain hell down on them.
I can't wait until then.
The leader of the clan, a man named Munro, ordered my murder.
Senneck said the chief of the Wulvers has pillaged so many of his own countrymen, that he has to remain in hiding.
We won't find him unless we trick his followers into thinking we're such valuable prisoners, they must take us to their leader.
Mary, if they learn the queen of Scotland, a woman they want dead, is travelling in their midst...
I've been assured no one in this region has seen my portrait.
We will continue with our cover story, they will escort us to Munro, and I will rip out his heart as he did mine.
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
