Previously on Reign...
: You had your daughter, Claude, beaten, so that you could steal the regency back.
: And you are a murderer.
We are no longer lovers, Christophe, just two people who keep each other's secrets.
If Rome could give me a few more soldiers, I might actually be able to take my country back from rebels like the Protestant John Knox.
We can help you buy an army.
You and father executed 13 knights simply because you couldn't pay them.
: I'm under attack by a rogue group calling themselves the Red Knights.
General Gaghan, we need the French Army to secure the throne.
As soon as my soldiers are fully paid for their service in Scotland.
Then tell your generals they will receive the money their men are owed at the feast in their honor.
(Gasps)
Oh, my God.
Your generals. Who did this?
It was the Red Knights.
They left their calling card in my chambers.
And they have poisoned every glass except for ours.
Which means they were able to get inside the castle.
I just bled in a damned fighting pit to get these men the gold they were owed.
So they could finally pay their soldiers for the Scottish campaign.
: And who will believe that now?
To the rest of your army, it looks like you slaughtered the generals to avoid paying off your military debts.
He's right.
This happened under our roof.
Charles and I will be blamed for this.
That's what the Red Knights want.
To frame you, so the army rises up against the Valois, to incite rebellion.
Then our task is simple.
The soldiers must never know this happened.
No one can know.
How do you keep nine dead generals a secret?
We bury the bodies.
Who knew about this dinner?
Well, countless people... their wives, their friends, their secretaries.
Those people knew they were invited.
Who knew they actually arrived?
No one except us, really, and a handful of servants.
We need to keep the servants quiet.
Bash, gather them up.
Offer them bribes for their silence.
If they refuse, tell them I'll cut off their heads!
Somehow I doubt they'll refuse.
My land's not far from here.
I have a place where we can bury them discreetly.
Catherine, listen to me.
You are not responsible for this.
The Red Knights are, and they will pay for what they have done.
Until then, we must be united in our story.
The generals never arrived.
And when word spreads of their disappearance, which it will, we will be as shocked and disturbed as everyone else.
Let's get to work.
Charles.
: Bash.
What you said earlier, about coming to Scotland.
It made me happy to think of having you by my side, but now, both of our circumstances have changed.
The entire Valois family is under attack.
Mary, if you don't go back to Scotland soon, John Knox and his fellow Protestants will dissolve your throne.
You'll lose your country.
What happened to these generals isn't your burden.
Catherine and her family are united.
These knights will be crushed, and life here will go on.
You're right.
My purpose lies elsewhere.
But yours is here, in France.
Charles and Claude must be protected, and Margot and the younger ones could return at any time.
You should stay here with your family.
Very well.
When you leave for Scotland, I will stay behind.
: So what do you suggest, General?
Bringing the ships in for maintenance at the end of the month.
I can have them back on the North Sea in a week's time.
A week?
Is it wise to leave the North Sea unpatrolled for so long?
: We'll have no English ships to police for piracy, but it's an acceptable risk.
Your Majesty, our ships are deteriorating, and if we don't attend to them, I fear they will soon be beyond repair.
It is a relatively quiet time on the North Sea.
I suppose a week is a small price to pay to maintain our fleet.
Fine, then.
Bring them ashore.
: Now, what of the Southern Coast?
That is a different story, Your Majesty.
The Spanish show no regard for our trade routes.
: My dear friend, how anxious you must be to return home at month's end.
I was told our cousins in Whitby, Muirfield and Eyemouth gathered recently.
Your father... (Distant laughter) the good admiral, could not be present.
He'll be detained for five to seven days.
(Bell tolling)
Charles, I was looking for you.
Delphine, what are you doing here?
It's good to see you, too, Bash.
Of course, I, uh, just wasn't expecting to see...
I summoned her here to return as my new court seer.
We need her gifts.
The Red Knights are hiding amongst us, likely here in court.
Delphine's touch looks into men's hearts, revealing who is friend and who is foe.
Charles, can I have a-a word alone with Delphine?
Of course.
I can't involve you in this investigation.
When you helped me pursue the heart-killer, it nearly destroyed you.
Bash, I am healed.
And I'm ready to start over.
When I left court, you promised you'd wait for me.
Has something changed?
What is it?
Do you have feelings for another?
I'm sorry.
I genuinely care for you, but I-I can't deny...
Then don't.
I promised the king my help, and I will keep my promise.
Lord Narcisse.
It's lord chancellor now.
Catherine promoted me.
Well, I am very happy for you.
However, I have a lot of work to do.
I received a message this morning from Lola, smuggled out of England by our fellow Catholics.
After the dozens of letters that I've written my wife, that all went unanswered, imagine my surprise when I realized this was not a letter to me, but a coded message for you.
Oh, she's naming coastal towns.
And mentions my father, an admiral, who will be absent on my return home at month's end.
She's saying there's a week when I can have safe passage across the North Sea.
When the English Navy will not be patrolling the area.
But this letter was written days ago.
If I want to cross the seas without English interference, that means I'd have to leave...
Now would be wise.
It's really happening.
Finally, after all these years.
I'm going home.
We're conducting searches in every chamber to see if the poison is still here.
If we can find the person responsible, maybe we can prevent a rebellion.
Christophe.
You're supposed to be on patrol.
The queen regent asked for me.
I thought you two were finished.
The whims of a ruler.
Right.
Well, I'll leave you to it.
I don't appreciate you inviting yourself to my chambers publicly.
And now is not a good time.
Why not?
Something wrong?
I’m fine.
I overheard you planning some kind of feast in the Great Hall the other night.
But you didn't call for servants to clear it afterwards, which is odd.
And you took a long time to return to your chambers.
Do you always follow me?
Tracking my every movement?
It's a game I play sometimes to keep my mind entertained.
I pretend you are my prey, but I don't kill you.
I'm trying to be better, so we can be close again.
So you can tell me whatever it is that's troubling you.
Because I like to make a point of telling my blackmailer everything.
(Chuckles)
Come now.
I'm more than your blackmailer.
Yes, you're a man who murders for pleasure, as you've just reminded me.
A killer with a contingency letter hanging over my head, in case anything should happen to you.
You know my secrets.
And I know yours.
You had your own daughter beaten to reclaim the regency.
And I've gone so long without a kill.
I don't know why you rule out a future for us.
I don't.
Please go away.
Tell me why that feast has you so anxious.
And if you don't tell me yourself, I'll find out on my own.
Christophe, you know that thing that you've always wanted to do?
Well, stop asking questions, and I'll let you do it.
Ambassador Blackburn, as casmanded, you dismantled the marriage alliance between Queen Mary and Don Carlos, extracted information from the queen, and even helped Dudley foil an assassination plot against me.
You have proven your loyalty to me, and your value.
My loyalty is undying, Your Majesty.
But I must confess, I am curious to how things ended between you and the Scottish queen.
She has a reputation for bewitching men.
Did you fall under Mary's spell?
Honestly?
There were times where I could envision falling in love with the queen of Scots, but not in this life.
You are my queen.
I was born an Englishman and I will die an Englishman.
I have decided to reward your service with a position here at court.
I will be giving you the chance to work closely with me from now on.
Do not make me regret that choice.
You won't, Your Majesty.
: They could strike at any moment.
Bash.
I've been looking for you everywhere.
I'm sorry I've been so busy.
The castle is on high alert because of the Red Knights.
You seem uneasy. What's wrong?
Last night, when I was walking the castle halls alone, I felt something.
It wasn't these Red Knights.
Bash, I think the killer we sought is still alive.
I felt him right here inside the castle with us.
Are you sure?
He was caught and executed.
I know, but last night, I felt him.
His hands were tightening around a woman's bare throat.
So you're saying a woman was strangled?
No. He didn't kill her.
He didn't want to because this woman protects him somehow.
He needs her.
My lord, the queen regent is asking for you.
Urgently.
(Sighs)
I appreciate your telling me this.
I have to go help Catherine, but wait for me in your chambers, and we'll look into this, after I deal with these Red Knights.
Of course.
Uh, Catherine, there's something you need to know.
I'll be returning to Scotland sooner than I had planned.
Well, how much sooner?
I'm mobilizing my forces now.
Why now?
Lola sent me some critical information.
There's only a small window in which the English Navy cannot stop me.
But I-I know you're dealing with your own crisis.
I have the situation under control.
No need to feel guilty about leaving.
I've buried the bodies. I've bribed the witnesses.
The soldiers that served the generals will be arriving imminently, and when they do, I will simply explain that their superiors never appeared.
I will pay them the gold, and France will have a loyal army to defend us against these so-called knights.
It seems you've thought of everything.
Well, I know you'll...
(Woman screaming in distance)
: It came from outside!
Quickly, to the courtyard!
: Quickly!
(Crowd clamoring)
Oh, God. The generals.
Guards... guards, take them down!
Remove them immediately!
Yes, Your Majesty.
(Guards shouting)
(Horses neighing)
: Secure the gates!
Catherine.
It's too late.
Whoa. Whoa.
They've murdered our brothers, our generals!
Down with the Valois!
Murderers!
They're going to tell every soldier in France that I'm responsible for this atrocity.
: Move out!
Move out, back to camp!
(Soldiers shouting)
And if they band together, they'll destroy you.
You said that you buried the bodies!
Instead, their heads end up on pikes.
How did this happen?!
The Red Knights must have followed us the night we left the castle and dug them up.
France's military thinks that I have murdered their own.
This is how revolutions begin.
A disenfranchised army turns against its rulers.
If you tell the truth, the soldiers may listen to reason.
You could try to sate them with the gold, but if you want my counsel as lord chancellor, you need reinforcements to defend the castle.
And Mary has an army of mercenaries not far from here.
You know that Mary is sailing into a hostile nation of Protestants.
She must leave immediately.
She needs her mercenaries for her own protection.
If this situation explodes, it is better for Mary to incur losses than you.
You really do despise her.
She sent my son to his death.
He may not have been a son to be proud of, but he was mine, nevertheless.
And when Lola had doubts about my commitment to her, it was Mary who fanned the flames of our discord, driving her across the channel to England.
So, no, I do not care for her.
Catherine, you are fighting a war of your own now, and you cannot afford to protect Mary any longer.
(Door opens, closes)
Queen Mary.
As you intend to race off to Scotland, I'm curious, what will you do about Lola?
What do you mean?
She's still in England.
And once your military campaign to reclaim your Scottish throne goes public, well, I don't imagine Elizabeth will react well.
Are you really playing the concerned husband now?
You are Elizabeth's rival.
Once you're ruling on England's borders, then Lola's value as a hostage increases tenfold.
Elizabeth will keep my wife captive forever.
But I don't suppose that even crossed your mind, did it?
Actually, it did.
And while you've been chasing power here in France, I have already set into motion a plan to return Lola home, before I reach Scotland.
And what exactly have you done, Lord Chancellor?
Lola wants nothing to do with me.
Oh, so that's it, then.
You've just given up on the woman you vowed to spend the rest of your life with.
I love my wife.
No, you love power.
Time and again, you've proven that power is what you most desire.
And that is why you lost her.
You want to judge my choices?
Do you?
As you run off to reclaim your throne, you are throwing Catherine to the wolves.
I can see just how much she means to you.
(Knocking on door)
Ambassador Blackburn.
Lady Lola. You remember me.
Yes. You extended Elizabeth's invitation for me to visit England.
I've been visiting ever since.
(Chuckles softly)
I was hoping we could have a private word.
Would you take John to the stables?
He loves to see the horses.
Hmm.
Is it about Mary?
Is she all right?
She's fine.
This is actually about you.
I gave my word to Mary that when I returned to England, I would help to free you.
Of course, it will take time.
And this was Mary's request?
You have every right to be cautious, considering I work for Elizabeth, but you should know, Mary did much for me during my time at French court.
Elizabeth held my daughter Agatha as leverage.
Mary helped me get her back.
And when the Catholic Church threatened to send me to the gallows, your friend and queen helped save my life.
I owe her everything.
You care for her.
I killed a man to protect her.
So believe me when I say I'm on Mary's side, and yours.
You have a friend here.
Very well.
If you can find me and my son a way out of here, we will take it.
(Door opens, closes)
I've decided to stay in France.
What?
For a while longer, anyway.
You may face an attack from your own military, so I've decided to use my mercenaries to protect you.
Until the threat of a revolt has passed.
I'll find another way to get back to Scotland.
Catherine, we have to focus.
We? I've already told you once, I have this under control.
France will handle this threat alone.
Catherine, royals fall when their armies turn against them.
So you're going to sacrifice your Scottish throne for France, is that it?
Have you learned nothing?
This country has already sacrificed too much on Scotland's behalf.
You mustn't make the same mistake now.
We both know that safe passage to Scotland may never come again.
And you need your mercenaries to protect you against the Protestants.
Men who are dissolving your throne as we speak.
But you need help.
I need you to go.
The more we try to help each other, the more harm we do.
You must see that now.
It is time that we move forth on our own, as queens of separate nations.
You're right.
I can't afford to risk my future for you.
But after all we've been through... is this how you want to say good-bye?
Having you here, it has kept some part of Francis alive for me.
Saying good-bye... it's like having to say good-bye to him all over again.
You must go home and reclaim your throne.
Your destiny lies in Scotland. It always has.
And I will not stand in the way of it.
Go take back your country.
What will you do if the soldiers come for you?
I will figure something out.
I always do.
(Door opens, closes)
Send word once you've arrived in Edinburgh.
I will, Your Majesty.
I take it you couldn't convince Catherine to accept your help.
No. Stubborn till the very end.
Take care of her, won't you?
I remember when I first came here.
Stepping out of the carriage, everyone lined up to welcome me.
I was so nervous.
But at least I had my friends, Kenna, Aylee, Greer, Lola.
And then I saw you and Francis... and somehow I knew that everything was going to be all right.
Now I'm leaving alone.
It's just not what I imagined.
I have something for you.
Before he died, Francis asked me to give this to you the day you left for Scotland.
Thank you, Bash.
I'm not ready to open it just yet.
Please put it in the carriage.
You've been a true friend to me, Bash.
More than a friend.
My family.
Good-bye, Mary.
I will miss you, Bash.
(Sighs)
♪ ♪
Queen Elizabeth. You sent for me?
I just received this letter from John Knox.
He and his Protestant lords in Scotland are looking to dissolve Mary's throne.
And he's asking me, as a fellow Protestant, to help support him when Mary's Catholic followers resist.
Elizabeth, you cannot be on his side, no matter how badly you want to weaken your rival.
His hatred of women in power is unparalleled.
But you already know that.
And you know that I would never advise you to do something against Mary, so why are you bringing this to me?
I'd like some advice.
From me?
Yes.
I don't like John Knox, and I want to refuse him, as you so passionately suggest, but he'd make an unpleasant enemy, and I don't want to ask the other men on my council for advice.
So I'm asking you, as a woman and as a Scot, how do I say no to him without making him my enemy and alienating my Protestant supporters in Scotland?
Allies he essentially controls.
Perhaps it's best to outright refuse him.
Be brutal and direct.
Or you simply don't answer.
If you refuse John Knox, as you suggest, it tells him you are a decisive and formidable ruler who will not be bullied.
Which I am.
Which is what he really hates.
So stall.
Avoid a decision he can rail against.
Let him think you are indecisive, innocuous...
Feminine.
Tell him you need to consult with your advisors, search your heart and read the Scriptures... he'll like that part.
Lady Lola...
(Liquid pouring)
I'm truly impressed.
I will take your advice.
I heard Elizabeth sent for you.
Is everything all right?
Elizabeth just asked for my advice, and she's taking it.
I have her ear, Gideon.
She's starting to trust me.
Elizabeth is a Tudor.
And like her father, she has a habit of turning on those she trusts.
The closer you get, the more dangerous she becomes.
And yet, think of what my relationship with her could mean for Mary.
Tell me you're not having second thoughts about leaving.
Of course not.
When you can get me out of here, I will flee.
But while I'm here, I'm helping Mary.
Do you realize that she might be on her way to Scotland as we speak, because of information I acquired?
What kind of information?
I overheard that the North Sea is unpatrolled as of now.
That makes your situation even more urgent.
If Mary's headed to Scotland, she will have an army with her, courtesy of the Vatican.
Well, yes, I assumed as much.
Elizabeth will feel threatened.
And when Mary lands on Scottish soil with armed forces, you become a more valuable hostage.
And Elizabeth might decide to keep you and your son here indefinitely.
We don't have as much time as I'd hoped.
You need to work faster on my escape.
Whatever you have to do, whomever you have to bribe, do it.
I'll have you moved to your new chambers once they're ready.
You'll find I spared no expense.
My royal seer deserves only the best.
You've been very kind to me, Your Majesty.
We all remember what you did for Francis.
Those extra few days we spent with him, they meant the world to my family.
I gladly serve the Valois.
And I'll do whatever I can to help unmask these Red Knights who hide in your midst.
(Door closes)
(Gasps)
Your Majesty!
Oh, forgive me.
You should be more careful, miss.
Oh, it's you!
(Muffled scream)
(Gasping)
Shh.
Shh. Shh.
I shouldn't have brought her here.
This is my fault.
"Death to all friends of the Valois."
Charles, you shouldn't be here.
It's the Red Knights.
They killed Delphine before she could expose them.
Please take the king back to his chambers and guard him closely.
Were there no witnesses?
No, my lord.
Christophe found her body and alerted us.
(Panting)
Catherine.
Too many terrible things have happened today.
I'm so sorry Sebastian.
I know how dear that Delphine was to you.
She didn't deserve this.
Catherine. Your neck.
What happened? Who did that to you?
I'm fine.
Were you attacked?
Those bruises can't be more than a day old.
Let it go, Sebastian.
Why?
Are you protecting someone?
You're involved with Christophe again.
Did he do that to you?
It was consensual.
He's not trying to kill me. He merely...
He tightens his hands around my throat.
It increases the sensation.
He's not going to harm a queen who ensures his station.
He needs me.
It's fine. I'm fine.
Queen regent.
One of the lieutenants who served General Gaghan is here.
He wants to speak with you at once.
Excuse me.
Lieutenant Gambon.
I am so sorry for your loss.
I want to assure you that the Valois were not behind the murder of General Gaghan, or the other generals who were slaughtered.
: We'd like to thank you for coming here today to speak with us in the wake of this tragedy.
We came to collect the bodies of our fallen generals.
And to demand that you surrender your person to a military tribunal.
I beg your pardon?
You murdered our superiors to avoid paying the debt for our armed service.
: My mother did no such thing.
There's a conspiracy. She's been framed.
Lieutenant, there are sinister forces working against me.
And that is why I called the generals here.
You will have your chance to explain.
In one hour, I shall return with the rest of the men.
More than a hundred armed soldiers will convene outside your gates.
I have the gold and I can pay you what you're owed.
It's not about gold anymore.
We want justice.
You talk of justice while you threaten your regent.
With respect, Your Majesty, the queen struck the first blow.
If she does not surrender, we will strike back, and this castle will burn to ashes.
We've nearly finished getting the supplies aboard.
Based on the timetable you've laid out, in order to cross the seas before the English navy return, we should leave immediately.
: My dearest Mary, if you're reading this, then you are leaving France to reclaim your Scottish throne.
I always knew this day would come, and I wish I could be at your side as you set sail to take back what is yours.
In the darkest of times, you were my conscience.
Your heart was a light, Mary, and it burned so very bright for France.
No matter how far you go, that light will burn forever.
I have left you a gift, something I made for you to fight for what is yours, and for what you know in your heart is right.
I love you, Mary Stuart. Forever.
(Sniffles)
Captain.
Gather the men.
We're going back to the castle, and we must be prepared for a fight.
Queen Mary, time is precious, and so are your soldiers.
You can't afford to risk them now.
I gave you an order.
Tell the men we are going back.
I have one more thing I have to do.
(Exhales)
(Wood creaks)
Bash.
What are you doing here?
Before she was murdered, Delphine warned me the heart-killer might still be alive.
She sensed his presence here in this very castle.
She felt his hands tightening around a woman's throat, a woman who protected him.
I saw the bruises on Catherine's neck.
Bash, I'm sorry for your loss.
(Screams)
(Groans)
(Screams)
It was you all along.
You are a liar and a murderer.
You're insane! I am a kingsguard!
You were.
Thanks to Catherine.
As the king's deputy, I'm relieving you of your duty.
(Screams)
Catherine was protecting you.
(Groans)
How much did she know?
She knew everything.
I had information on her, leverage.
It's all written down in a letter, my crimes and hers.
You let me live, I'll tell you where it is.
It's enough to strip her of the regency?
Yes.
Then we're agreed.
The letter's being held in the village, at a tavern just east of the Blood Wood.
(Crying): I think I need a tourniquet.
Why?
So you can kill again?
I don't think so.
(Gurgling)
(Exhales)
We don't have enough guards to defend the castle if those soldiers attack.
That won't happen.
I won't let anyone harm my family.
I plan to address my accusers directly, pay them, and tell them I'm not their enemy.
: Make way for the queen regent. Make way for the king.
: Queen Catherine!
Open the gates and surrender!
If you come quietly, you have my word, no family member will be harmed.
If you kill me, the true murderers will roam free.
I know you men are angry, but...
Open the gate!
Stand down. Everyone stand down!
I'm going out there.
Stephan, take Charles back inside and barricade the doors.
Yes.
I'll talk them down.
Your Majesty.
Charles, go.
(Men yelling in distance)
: Hold the gate!
(Horses approaching)
What the hell is that?
Men!
My lord!
Yes, my lord!
(Men yelling in distance)
Ho.
Draw! ‭Draw your weapons!
To arms!
What are they doing?
Don't know.
Why is she riding? ‭Who is it?
Make way. Let her through.
Who is it?
Move! Move!
I am Mary Stuart, Queen of Scots.
Who is your commander?
Order your men to stand down.
Queen Mary, we fought on your behalf in Scotland, and now you ride against us.
I have come to defend the queen regent because she did not kill your generals.
Listen to me, all of you!
Queen Catherine is innocent.
There is a secret faction working against the Valois.
Murderers who seek to frame Catherine, France's regent, and plunge the realm into chaos and terror.
If you turn against her, you turn against France.
And I will fight you like I would fight them.
To the death.
(Soldiers murmuring)
I am asking you, as Frenchmen, to make the right choice today.
Catherine is still your queen.
France is still your country, your home, as it has been mine since I was a child.
This is our country!
We cannot afford to let it burn.
We must listen to our conscience and make the right choice.
So choose now.
(Soldiers murmuring)
For France.
Arms down.
For the queen.
For you, my queen.
Fall back.
Back to camp.
(Soldiers shouting orders)
They're leaving.
(Sighs)
Mary, she... she saved you.
(Sighs)
Hyah!
(Horse neighs)
See that everything's secure.
Catherine. I heard about Christophe.
You all right?
Oh, I'm fine. I mean, it was a shock.
Bash said that he murdered that poor Delphine.
He was the one behind those gruesome heart-slayings.
Well, your taste in men always did leave something to be desired.
Hmm.
I find myself grateful to have you by my side these days.
You are the only man that I...
Catherine.
I'm leaving France.
Why?
Well, the crisis is averted.
The military have backed down.
Why? Really.
Recently, the queen of Scots accused me of being a selfish husband, of caring too much for my station... more than the safety of my wife.
I'm leaving to free Lola.
Because of what Mary said?
Not just.
‭Mm-hmm.
It's also because you and I work very well together, Catherine.
Hmm.
Too well.
I want to go now. I want to fight for Lola.
I want to save her.
I want to save what we shared before our union is damaged beyond repair.
Damaged by me? By us?
Yes.
That is the most flattering thing that you have ever said to me.
I shall return.
Safe travels, Lord Chancellor.
Until we meet again.
(Chuckles): Sebastian, what are you doing sitting at my desk?
You were protecting Christophe.
And I know why.
What are you talking about?
You paid Duke Boinel to attack Claude.
All so you could take the regency from Narcisse.
That's what Christophe held over you.
Well, that is nonsense. Who told you that?
Oh, Sebastian, you don't believe...
You knew he was a murderer and you protected him.
All so he would keep your secrets.
You allowed him to continue to roam these halls as a kingsguard!
Delphine (Pounds on table) is dead because of you!
Don't you dare lay that poor girl's death at my feet.
How can you take the word of a madman over mine?
Sebastian, we are family.
I have been like...
Like a mother to me.
When Francis died, I felt so alone, I reached out to my real mother.
I sent letters to Diane at all of her chateaus.
She never wrote back.
When I realized what she'd done to your daughters years ago, I cast Diane out of my life.
Not only because of her crimes, but because I knew that if you ever discovered the truth, you'd murder my mother with your bare hands.
And since she's gone missing, I can't help but wonder.
You're not thinking clearly.
Did you kill her?
Did you kill my mother?!
She murdered my children.
My babies.
Where is she?
My mother deserves a proper burial.
Does she?
Her body's in the sea.
(Yelling)
(Choking)
Bash, think.
I'm the regent of France!
How will you explain my death at your hands?
You have no proof.
Is your mother, a woman who would sacrifice anyone for her own gain, worth dying for?
(Grunts)
Oh...
‭(Yells)
(Gasping)
Since you are the real king of France, consider this my resignation as your deputy.
(Panting)
(Door opens, closes)
You despise me, and yet you expect a free ride?
You're about to set sail on a boat full of unfamiliar mercenaries.
I can provide protection and tactical knowledge for the journey.
And when we make land in Scotland, we both go our separate ways.
You're going to England to free Lola.
If you think I'm leaving the safety of my wife in your hands, forgive me for saying it, but you're out of your mind.
: Am I interrupting something?
Bash, what are you doing here?
Do you have room for one more?
You must, if this one is slithering aboard.
I'll be on the boat.
Sebastian, I told you...
There is nothing for me here anymore.
I can't stay.
What's happened?
I need to leave France, and you need someone at your side you can trust.
I could use a friend on the journey ahead.
I'm glad to see you. Thank you.
France, I think I shall never see you again.
What is it?
It's a parting gift from Bash.
You had my sister beaten so you could reclaim the regency.
You deceived and betrayed me.
Claude, please.
Go to hell!
You may be regent, but I am king, and you will pay for what you've done.
: Tie it down! Tie it down!
Port astern! Secure the halyard!
(Thunder crashing)
(Grunting)
All right, the storm is getting worse.
You should go to your cabin.
Your Majesty!
Now!
(Grunting)
(Screams)
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
