Our mission is to blow up the Red Knights' stockpile.
Something's wrong.
Get the king back to the castle!
: 
Thierry, run!
You're a traitor.
You mean nothing.
I am your husband.
I am going to England at Queen Elizabeth's request.
When we make land in Scotland, we both go our separate ways.
You're going to England to free Lola.
: You told Mary where to cross, but the ship sank beyond the rocks, and many of the corpses will never be found.
Do you have proof that she was aboard?
Proof that she's dead?
I believe she is.
I saw a pin on Duncan's cloak 
These are the ones who tried to assassinate me and killed Francis.
The leader of the clan, a man named Munro, ordered my murder.
We will continue with our cover story, they will escort us 
(Indistinct voices arguing)
Pierre and Pauline don't seem to be getting along.
Are we really taking them to Falkirk?
Going out of our way just to deliver this girl to her fiancé?
: Of course not.
We may have an opportunity.
Pierre's just told me that his sister's to be married to a wool merchant, and a rich one at that.
He's risked life and limb to deliver her to her future husband, and now he wants compensation for his troubles.
He wants to ransom off his own sister.
With his sister none the wiser, we'll hold on to them for a few days until we can collect the ransom from the fiancé.
After we've split the money with Pierre, we'll send them along to Falkirk.
One big happy family.
Duncan, we can't carry out a plan like this without Munro's approval.
I think they're talking it over.
They'll go along with the plan.
This clan is notorious for their greed.
What makes you think they'll take us to their leader, Munro?
The men of Clan Macfie are loyal, but they're also fearful of him.
Bash? What is it?
If this plans works and they take us to Munro, we'll be surrounded by a clan that wants the queen of Scots dead.
It's only a matter of time before they find out we're not who we say we are.
We only need enough time to get close to Munro and kill him.
This is the man who sent assassins that killed Francis.
I know that.
But Francis would never have wanted you to risk your life avenging his.
Maybe not, but he would have done the same for me.
I cannot reclaim my throne until I finish this.
Duncan's coming.
Duncan. How much longer until we reach Falkirk?
My fiancé will be waiting.
Change of plan.
We need to take a detour.
We must refresh our horses and gather the cargo taken from the shipwreck.
Don't worry, Pauline, you'll see your fiancé in good time.
Mount your horses and follow us.
They're taking us to Munro.
: What you did, betraying the king of France, your friend, couldn't have been easy.
: As you said, Father, it's for the greater good.
: Soon, France will be a country we can be proud of.
A country free of the tyranny of Catherine de Medici.
And you, my son, will have played an important part in that.
: Keep quiet.
Not a word.
Destination and business.
Le Mans. We're delivering cabbage to a local merchant.
Open the cart, please.
Here's an inventory of our cargo.
In order to know how much tax to levy, I must see what's inside.
Now open it, or I seize everything.
: Run!
What on earth?
(Gurgling)
(Groaning)
: Relax, King Charles.
It will all be over soon.
The king has gone missing?
Why did you not come to us before about this threat against the Crown?
I believed these attacks by the Red Knights were a personal vendetta against me, and thus, I tried to handle this threat alone, but I see now they seek to bring down the entire Valois family.
They cannot succeed.
And that is why I am calling on you noblemen to help fight this threat.
Find King Charles and bring him home safely.
We will do everything in our power to find your son and crush these traitors.
The king shall be in your debt.
Thank you.
I thank you.
You were staring at me during your speech.
Must be like seeing a ghost.
Martel de Guise.
You have your father's eyes and his candor.
Thank you for coming on such short notice.
Yes, I was surprised to receive an invitation to court now, so long after my father's murder.
Did you ever find the Protestant rebels responsible?
The assassins covered their tracks too well, I'm afraid.
I am confident, though, they will be caught.
Martel, I'm sorry you weren't invited to court sooner.
It's been difficult since Francis died.
I have been alone, trying to keep the realm from falling apart. You're still alone, my queen.
If you expect the nobles to help save your son, don't hold your breath.
They will do what politicians do best, scamper back to their châteaus and wait for things to blow over.
Their king is in danger.
They will serve faithfully.
With all due respect, Queen Regent, they see Charles as a figurehead.
And you have other sons to install should Charles...
France... cannot lose another king.
Then you need powerful allies at your side.
My family's holdings and armies can bolster your reign.
I can protect you, offer you counsel.
I'm not sure I want to be in debt to the Guises.
You've always had a level of distrust towards my family.
You fear our influence overtaking your own, but we share a common goal, Catherine, the continuation of the monarchy.
Whatever benefits your family can also benefit mine.
Well, then I am grateful to have your protection during these dangerous times.
He was found on the road from the beaches at Fife, badly wounded.
He says he's a French mercenary on his way to Scottish court.
He says he has vital information for Scotland's regent.
You have information for James, the brother of Queen Mary?
You come from Scottish court?
Mm-hmm.
Your regent will want to hear this.
But it's going to cost.
I want passage home to France, and gold. I want gold.
Of course.
What is this information?
I was on the ship that brought her across from France.
Queen Mary herself.
A storm wrecked the ship.
Only a few made it to shore.
Mary barely escaped the pillagers.
One of them did this to me.
Mary? She's still alive?
Not for long.
Not if her brother doesn't send help.
You'll get word to him right away?
Of course.
What is it you hold so dear?
The shipwreck was just off the coast of Fife, my lord regent.
En route to Edinburgh?
It would seem so.
There were French mercenaries on board, and some very fine jewelry, scavenged by all manner of pillagers.
A noblewoman who hires French mercenaries to escort her to Edinburgh.
It could be Mary, but she never sent word she was coming.
(Door opens)
: Your lordships.
John Knox.
: What is that?
The Pope's gold.
Used to pay those French mercenaries you've been hearing about.
Only one woman would use the Pope's gold to buy an army to escort her to Scotland.
So it's true. It was Mary.
Where is she?
I spoke to a surviving mercenary moments before he succumbed to his wounds, who told me what he saw.
My lord regent, I am sorry to tell you, but your sister is dead.
No.
James, I understand your grief.
Don't pretend you care that my sister is dead.
Every man in Scotland knows you've prayed for the end of her rule.
You believe no woman is worthy to wear a crown.
Don't let grief blind you, James.
You were only the regent in Mary's absence.
Now that she's dead, the nobles will be forced to recognize the man with the stronger claim to the throne, Lord Darnley.
I know you despise him.
He is a Catholic, after all, but he's a noble with a legitimate blood claim.
You were born a b*st*rd.
You can never be king.
But we don't have to hand over Scotland to a Papist like Darnley, nor anyone else with... "royal blood."
You want to dissolve the monarchy.
I want a nation that no longer answers to royal families.
You and I and the other lords can rule Scotland together... as a Protestant government.
If we do this, there's no turning back.
Once the monarchy's dissolved, there will never be another sovereign king or queen of Scots.
If Mary is somehow still alive...
Your sister is gone, James.
Let her throne die with her.
This isn't her country any longer.
It's ours.
You're thinking of Mary.
I can't believe she's gone.
All I wanted to do was help her return home to Scotland.
They still haven't found her body, and if she died at sea, they never will.
It's all my fault.
Do not punish yourself.
She was your queen and your friend, and you were loyal to her until the very end.
I pray that is true.
My faith has been a great comfort to me during this most difficult time.
That is why I must decline your offer to convert to Protestantism.
I completely understand.
I can arrange for you to take a Mass in your chambers.
Thank you, Elizabeth.
Lola, I know you're grieving, but I am in desperate need of your counsel.
With Mary dead, there's a power vacuum in your country, and John Knox would like nothing more than to dissolve the Scottish throne, so he and men like him can rule Scotland.
If Knox takes power in Scotland, he won't stop there.
He'll continue his war against women here in England.
He'll seek to dethrone you next.
On the other hand, if he fails, the Scottish throne will go to the man who's next in line, Lord Darnley.
A Catholic man who also has claim to my throne.
Both Darnley and Knox are a danger to my reign.
If either of them takes power, I become vulnerable.
But why come to me?
There is another option.
I could pursue the Scottish throne.
Unite both our countries under my rule.
Mary and I are cousins after all.
Limbs from the same tree.
I realize it seems cold to broach the subject so soon after Mary's death, but things are moving very quickly in Scotland.
Are you asking for my approval?
I wish that was all I needed.
The truth is, you come from a very powerful family in Scotland, and I will need the support of the Catholic nobles your father holds sway with.
But as a Protestant queen, could you pledge to be tolerant of those who practice the Catholic faith?
My family, for instance.
Yes, I'm not a zealot like Knox, waging a religious war on his own people.
I will be tolerant and just.
Lola, we could bring peace to both our countries.
Scotland was entrusted to Mary, to a true queen.
But now, now that she's gone, without an heir...
It should be entrusted to another.
Elizabeth, I will support you.
This is your fault, Kitchen Boy.
Following after Charles on some misguided plot to take down the Red Knights.
And then you go and lose the king of France in the process.
Your Highness, I am...
Useless!
That's what you are. I swear, if any harm comes to my son, I will have...
It's not Leith's fault.
It's mine.
I asked him to help Charles.
Why on earth would you do something so foolish?
I wanted Leith to gain the king's favor.
In return for his help, Charles promised to make Leith a Duke, so that... so that we could marry.
I should have your head for encouraging such a dangerous fantasy.
However, stupid as you may be, at least you're loyal.
With the Red Knights hiding in our midst, loyalty is in short supply.
You may go.
Thank you, Your Grace.
Claude, I have asked the nobles to help in finding Charles.
But for your own personal safety, trust no one.
Not the kingsguard and especially not the likes of Martel de Guise.
Martel de Guise is here?
And I would not be surprised if Martel was a part of the Red Knights conspiracy.
But the Guises control the richest regions in France.
We've always left them alone.
What motive would Martel have against our family?
I have no idea what grievance he carries.
So I'm ordering you, keep your distance.
What are you doing here?
It's nice to see you again, Claude.
You look exquisite, as always.
Save your flattery, and tell me why you're here.
Well, I came back for you, darling.
You're lying. Just like you lied when we were together.
That... was years ago.
And all I did was lie about my family name.
If I'd have known you were a Guise, I would have never let you take me to bed that night.
As I recall, we spent three nights together in Florence.
Living in absolute sin.
We were magnificent together.
If I had told you who I was, would things have turned out the same?
You tricked me.
I only realized who you were after you left that château.
And now you come here to sabotage my family.
What are you talking about?
You're one of them.
Maybe you're their leader, I don't know.
One of who?
The Red Knights.
The Guise family has always wanted more power at court.
Maybe this is your way of...
I am not a Red Knight.
Then tell me why you're here.
And don't say it's to help my family.
I came back to find my father's murderer.
They say it was Protestant rebels, but I suspect something else is at work.
I came back for answers, Claude.
And, yes, while I'm here, I will help find your brother, and I will certainly protect you.
And that's the truth.
Fine.
I believe you.
Claude, wait.
Now that we've cleared the air, why don't you stay for a while?
We could drink some wine and reacquaint ourselves.
I can think of nothing in the world that I would like... less.
(Honking)
A grim crowd.
You're lucky they don't know who you really are, they might not look at you so warmly.
: Come with me. Munro's waiting.
(Indistinct chatter and laughter)
This is Pauline and Pierre.
What a terrible welcome Scotland has shown you both.
Shipwrecked. Taken by the Druids.
And then a long, cruel ride with these barbarians.
(Crowd cheering)
You must crave a warm bath and fresh clothes.
You must be the leader, Munro, that Duncan spoke of.
Will you offer my brother and me your protection?
We're traveling to meet my fiancé.
Yes, I will.
But on one condition.
You must join us for the feast celebrating the return of our scouts.
Take our beautiful guest.
Help her bathe and change.
: Come with us, dear.
Take his sword.
I thought we were guests.
You are.
But Duncan told me about this ransom plot, and I'm not quite sure I trust a man who would scheme against his own sister.
Assuming you're telling the truth at all.
I've sent a rider to Falkirk to find Pauline's fiancé and report back at dawn.
If you're lying to me, you and your sister won't leave this camp alive.
(Quietly): Hail Mary, full of grace. The Lord be with thee.
Blessed are the men and women...
Thank you for coming, Father.
You're quite welcome, Lola.
Stephan?
What the hell are you doing here?
I'm here to rescue you.
We need to leave at once.
No, you cannot be here.
I know I've made mistakes.
I lied to you. I-I chose power time and again.
And I gained everything I wanted.
I'm lord chancellor of France.
But it's all meaningless without you.
Come home to me, Lola.
Where would that be, exactly?
Back to France? To Catherine?
I will follow you anywhere.
We could go to Scotland to be with Mary.
Stephan, Mary's dead.
She died in a shipwreck.
I was on that boat with her.
Mary survived. She's in Scotland.
She's alive?
Yeah.
My friend is alive?
Oh, dear God, this is terrible.
What?
Elizabeth is moving in on what she thinks is a vacant Scottish throne.
I offered her my support, my family's support.
She's amassing English troops on the border as we speak.
What are you talking about?
W-With Mary gone, unification seemed the most peaceful solution.
And Elizabeth promised peace.
You do not belong here, trying to effect the fate of nations.
But I can.
Don't you see?
E-Elizabeth trusts me.
Well, she listens to me, anyway.
I must tell her to abandon her plans. That Mary is alive.
And how will you do that? Will you tell her that your husband, the lord chancellor of France, snuck into her country, her castle, to rescue you?
She will smell espionage, deceit.
And what makes you think her plans to take Scotland, once in motion, will be so easily given up?
From what I understand, Elizabeth is consumed with trying to retain her power.
Mary is the rightful queen of Scotland.
If she's back, i-if Scotland is stabilized, I think Elizabeth will change her mind.
But if I'm wrong, if Elizabeth's desire for Scotland has grown too strong, she could invade regardless.
The news of Mary's survival cannot come from you.
It has to be leaked to Elizabeth from some other source.
The letters you exchanged with Mary.
How did you get them in and out?
John's governess, Renee.
She's on our side.
Part of a network of Catholic spies here in England.
Have Renee leak the news of Mary's survival to Elizabeth somehow.
An anonymous message from a Protestant friend in Scottish court.
Someone afraid to reveal themselves lest they suffer the wrath of the queen of Scots.
I will try to help Mary, but all I care about is your safety.
Stephan, you need to leave.
If the English find out who you are and what you're doing here...
All right.
I will keep my distance.
But I'm not leaving England without you.
(Bagpipes playing)
We have a problem.
Munro sent a rider to Falkirk to confirm our story about your fiancé.
If he comes back tomorrow with news we've been lying, we'll both be dead.
Mary, we need to get out of here.
If we slip away now and ride to Edinburgh, you can come back later with an army.
: Munro is too well protected.
Even if the Scottish army could break through his defenses, he'd just melt into the forest. Disappear.
We may never get another chance like this again.
Munro already took my sword, and even if I had it, I can't get close enough to Munro to kill him.
He's surrounded by guards at all times.
I can get close to him.
It's too dangerous, Mary.
Your throne is still vulnerable to John Knox.
Every moment we spend here, you risk the monarchy dissolving before your return.
Then we have to do this tonight.
Don't worry, Pierre, it's just one dance.
How can you betray me like this?
This is the start of a revolution.
And thanks to the Red Knights, I'm a part of it.
They only recruited you as a way to get close to me.
Once I'm dead, your value will quickly fade.
You'll spend the rest of your life knowing you were responsible for the death of your king.
And your friend.
They're not going to kill you.
They want Catherine for all she's done to this country.
After they kill the regent, the monarchy will fall.
You'll live out your life in exile.
Exile?
Thierry, I'm king.
The only way to end the monarchy is to kill my entire family.
Eat your food.
(Door closes)
(Door locks)
You went and saw him after I specifically told you not to.
Relax. Martel would never hurt me.
What makes you so sure?
Oh, good Lord.
You have a history.
History is a strong word.
It was more of a... dalliance.
The point is, Martel is not one of the Red Knights.
That group is hell-bent on destroying the monarchy, but the Guises have done quite well for themselves with the Valois on the throne.
They benefit from your rule, so why would they want to see you fall?
I'm telling you, Mother, Martel is no threat.
He's simply here to figure out who killed his father.
What?
Isn't that good news?
No.
That is the opposite of good news.
Especially for whoever murdered his father.
Please tell me that wasn't you.
It's complicated.
Honestly, Mother.
How many people have you killed?
Shh.
We received this message just moments ago.
It's addressed to you.
The Red Knights?
It's a ransom note, confirming they have Charles.
Wh-What do they want?
A life for a life.
I'm to travel alone to a clearing north of the castle at dawn, and it is here that I am to die for my countless sins.
They will free Charles in return.
They have no intention of freeing your brother.
They're just using him to lure me out in the open.
Where they will try to kill us both.
What are you going to do?
I'm going to go to that clearing.
It's the only way to save Charles.
If Charles doesn't come back, I want you to see to it that your brothers and sisters are safely transported to Spain.
Seek refuge with your older sister.
Mother, no.
I want you to promise me that you will take care of your siblings.
Look on the bright side, you'll finally be rid of me.
There has to be another way.
I promise you, Claude, your mother's not going down without a fight.
And these men that you've selected, you're sure they can be trusted?
These three guards are our finest.
Men loyal to the throne.
Three. I specifically requested four.
I am the fourth.
I'm not letting you go out there alone.
I was responsible for Charles' safety when he was taken.
I can't just sit by and do nothing.
I have a duty to my king.
Well, what about my daughter?
Who will protect her while you're away?
The kingsguard? They have been compromised.
We don't know who we can trust.
Claude says Martel de Guise is keeping a close eye on her until we return.
His private guards are at the ready, and she assured me that he can be trusted.
Did she now?
I'm sure he'll do a fine job guarding her person.
Leith, I know you want to redeem yourself.
And I need men that I can trust, but are you sure that you're ready so soon after your injury?
I am ready.
Did you do as I asked?
Are the seamstresses at work?
They are following every detail you described, but, Your Majesty, it would help if you'd actually share your plan with us.
The Knights' message said to come alone.
If they see us coming...
They won't see you coming.
Because you're going to get there first.
James.
(Knocking at door)
We need to talk.
Lady Kirkland?
Fornication is a sin, even if it is a perk of the regency.
Enjoy it while you can, James.
Soon Darnley will be installed as king, and you'll be asked to leave.
No one will be installed until I've found proof that Mary is dead.
My men are still searching for her.
She's gone, James.
You served her admirably, but Scotland needs you now.
You cannot...
Do not tell me what I can or cannot do.
I still rule Scotland, not you.
All right, then. Do nothing, but I promise you, others aren't making that mistake.
What does that mean?
My spies in England believe that Elizabeth is plotting to take the Scottish Crown.
Has Elizabeth heard about Mary?
If she hasn't already, she will soon enough.
And if Elizabeth invades, all bets are off.
She'll get rid of us both.
I've preached against the reign of queens, and you've spent far too long defending Mary's throne.
The only way out of this is to work together.
To rally the lords and take power as a unified government that Elizabeth dare not defy.
I've informed the lords of Mary's death.
They support this, James.
Call a meeting, and dissolve the throne.
It's Scotland's only hope.
(Bagpipe music playing)
(Laughing)
You're quite the dancer, Pauline.
You must be looking forward to your wedding.
Plenty of dancing and a new man to spend your life with.
Oh, I'm sorry. Do I sense some reservations?
I don't know the man at all, but I do know that he's twice my age.
An older man can still excite a woman.
An older warrior, maybe, but an older wool merchant?
Somehow I doubt it.
Perhaps this warrior could honor you with a wedding gift.
My raiders came home with some fine jewelry.
Come to my chambers.
I would be happy to show you.
I would like that very much, but, um...
May I dance with my brother first?
Certainly.
Munro's invited me back to his cabin without his guards.
Mary, I can't help you there.
I know.
This is insane.
I've seen the look in Munro's eye.
What he wants.
It's not worth it.
Pauline. Come on.
If you want to help me, you can find some horses and stage a diversion.
: If you do this, you might not come back the same.
I know what you're up to, Lola.
I beg your pardon?
You're deflecting.
Forcing my rook out of position.
You know me too well, Elizabeth.
So, have you spoken to Dudley lately?
Not in weeks.
He writes, asking for an audience, but I don't want to encourage him, as we have no future.
(Door opens)
: Queen Elizabeth, I have news from Scotland.
Well, whatever the news, it can be said in front of Lola.
We're unifying our countries, and Lola will serve as one of my Scottish advisors.
We have received word from anonymous sources that Mary, Queen of Scots, is alive and back on Scottish soil.
Mary's alive? Are you certain?
We're reaching out to our spies in Scotland for confirmation, but the message states Queen Mary survived the shipwreck and is heading to Edinburgh to reclaim her throne.
Your Highness, in light of this information, should we halt our military advances in Scotland?
I don't think that's wise.
But Mary's alive.
We don't know that for sure.
Anyone could have sent this message.
Perhaps it's Knox concocting a lie to sabotage my quest for the throne.
But if the queen of Scots lives, then her throne is no longer available.
Several Scottish lords have already agreed to back me as their ruler.
If I abandon them now, pull my forces for some rumor, Scotland could fall to Knox and his fanatics.
You do understand, don't you?
Yes, I understand.
I will do what is best for Scotland.
I promise you.
She's stalling.
I'm the one who taught her that it's better to stall than to give an unpopular answer, and that's what she's doing.
Stephan, you were right.
She's not turning back.
You need to come with me now.
It's not that simple.
No, I'm your husband. John is your son.
And I have to keep you safe.
Lola, I know I destroyed your trust in me.
I did terrible things to keep you with me, but the day I married you, I made a promise to love and protect you for the rest of my life.
You have to trust me when I say that if anything were to happen to you...
Just come with me.
I don't care how long it takes, but whatever I have...
Listen to me.
Elizabeth will be traveling north to meet with some dignitaries in just a few days.
While she's away from court, I'll have an opportunity to escape unnoticed.
Giving us a head start.
Gideon will arrange a boat to get us out of England as soon as she's left court.
You'll have to wait for me until then.
I'll have Renee contact you when it's time.
John and I will meet you outside the castle walls.
You take us to that boat, then we'll leave and never look back.
Pick whatever catches your eye.
This necklace is rather grand.
Let's see how it looks on you.
Sorry, I'm just a little nervous.
Don't be afraid.
Even a warrior's touch can be gentle.
That wool merchant does not deserve you.
I doubt he's ever held a sword in his hand.
Neither have I, for that matter.
The short sword? Do you like it?
Will you teach me how to use it?
(Laughs)
Look at that.
It's got an inscription in Latin.
b*st*rd tongue of our oppressors, the Catholic Church.
Did they teach you Latin back in France?
I never bothered to learn.
My brother and I are Protestant, like you.
Latin is becoming popular here in Scotland.
Especially amongst the clans.
I doubt anyone here could translate this for us.
Except me.
You see, before I lost my lands to Catholic tyranny, I was born and raised a Scottish noble.
Received the finest education and learned the language of my enemies.
"My queen. My light.
My love."
This sword belonged to a queen.
It must be quite valuable then.
It was found in the wreckage of your ship, Pauline.
The same ship that carried hundreds of mercenaries from France.
And it's not unusual for France to send soldiers to fight on our shores.
To send gold and jewels to support the Catholic cause.
But if this sword belonged to a queen, then perhaps they were carrying a cargo far more precious than gold.
A Scottish queen, raised in France... making her journey home.
I-I didn't see any queen on the ship.
My brother told me to stay in our cabin for my safety.
I've never seen a portrait of the queen.
I've only heard tales of her raven-haired beauty.
And how she bewitches the hearts of men.
I can see you clearly now, Mary, Queen of Scots, and I am not bewitched.
Are you lost, Pierre?
Trying to find some decent wine.
What are you doing out here?
No offense, but your Scottish ales...
I take it back.
The ale works.
Help me up, friend.
French.
You drink like women.
(Grunts)
: 
Whoring this country to Rome.
To the French.
To whomever will keep you in power.
I sent my men to France to kill you.
And they failed.
My husband protected me.
Francis is dead because of you.
Oh, do you grieve, Mary Stuart?
Do you grieve for all that you have done to my family?
What are you talking about?
You named my father a traitor.
Took his lands.
Cast us out to steal, starve or die.
You have no idea what I have lost.
How many of my brothers I have buried.
This is why you wish to kill me?
This is why my husband is dead?
I gave no such order.
My mother sat the Scottish throne while I was an ocean away.
She made her own decisions.
In your name. They are your sins.
Look into my eyes.
I never gave any order against your family.
And now my husband is dead for nothing.
It doesn't matter anymore.
It doesn't matter where it began.
Someone has to finish it.
I know.
(Groans)
I would have stayed in France for the rest of my life, but you brought me here.
You took my heart.
And now I've come to repay you.
(Groans)
(Villagers clamoring)
We have to leave. Now.
: I won't do it.
: You said you were committed to our cause.
: I am, but this was never part of the plan.
We agreed to kill Catherine at dawn.
Not her son.
The king is barely a man.
You don't even know what kind of king he'll be.
I won't murder him for the sins of his mother.
There I draw the line.
I understand.
(Groans)
They killed my father. You were right.
About everything. I'm so sorry.
We have to escape.
Let's go.
: You are to dismount your horse and cross the field as instructed.
Where is the king?
Come to us now and we'll take you to your son.
So you are the traitorous Red Knights.
Do you still hide in the shadows?
Cross the field, Queen Regent.
I will take no step further until you produce Charles.
You were given instructions.
If you hope to see your son alive, you will follow them.
(Horn blows)
Take her now!
And kill her!
(Groans)
: Leith!
(Yells)
(Grunting)
Charles! Charles!
He isn't here. Charles isn't here.
We'll find him.
One of the Red Knights fled when he heard the horn.
Why did he change his course?
I don't know.
But he might.
I made sure to keep one alive.
Where is the king?
(Bones snapping)
(Groans) Tyrant!
You have yet to feel my tyranny.
Tell me!
Or I will peel the flesh off of your bones.
(Screaming)
Tell me!
(Screaming)
Speak!
Where's John?
I-I can't leave without my child.
My lady, I'm so sorry, but we received word from Edinburgh.
It's from Mary.
(Gasps)
What's this gold for?
To bribe my way to safety once...
This can't be. It's written in Mary's code, but what she's asking me to do...
What does Mary ask of you?
To kill Queen Elizabeth.
Every lord that's gathered here knows how difficult this is for me.
The blood of Scottish royals flows through my veins.
We understand your resistance, James.
But with Mary gone, you must respect the will of this council.
: 
 must cast off the chains of the monarchy.
If we want freedom, we must act now.
: Enough.
You've made your point, Reverend Knox.
We will put this vote to the council.
May I see who favors dissolving the monarchy?
James, the final vote is yours.
Very well.
Mary.
You're alive.
I am Mary, Queen of Scots, and I have come for my throne.
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
