Somebody's bleeding in here.
My back was burning, and there was a bite mark on the small of my back.
Oh, my god.
They're hanging on to my [bleep] spine.
He stabs her approximately 50 times.
50 times?
It's like [Hisses]
I think people are gonna end up getting hurt.
Threatening, "I'm going to get you."
That thing's nasty.
There's a dark presence.
My name is Amy Allan.
These things, they're freaking out.
They're from hell.
I see dead people.
They were being hunted.
I speak to dead people.
They were setting people on fire, burning them alive.
And they speak to me.
Her neck got broken.
But there's only one way to know if my findings are real.
I hear a gunshot.
I rely on my partner.
I'm Steve Di Schiavi.
I'm a retired New York City homicide detective.
Something's not right here.
And I know every person, every house has secrets.
It's not safe here.
It's my job to reveal them.
Are any of them buried on the property?
They're all buried here.
But Steve and I never speak...
We never communicate during an investigation.
Until the very end...
I can't do it no more.
When we uncover if it's safe for you to stay...
Holy [bleep] Look at this.
Or time to get out.
It does not have a happy ending.
Something kills people here.
I'm up here in North Haven, Connecticut, right near Yale University.
I got a call from a kid named Anthony.
Now, he just got married and moved back into his parents' house with his new husband.
Once he did that, all hell broke loose.
Now he thinks his entire family's in trouble.
He begged us to come out here and investigate.
Hopefully, Amy and I can get to the bottom of this.
: Before Amy arrives, I clear the house of any leading information, removing photographs and covering personal items.
When I'm done, the location will be ready for tonight's walk.
There's this older lady.
She is kind of a leader.
Interesting. Okay.
She's not happy I'm here, like, not at all.
The old woman, and two dead elderly men are with her.
She can manipulate them very easily.
She's very physical.
So are her little henchmen.
Their intentions are not good.
: So, Anthony, I'm glad I'm here because you sounded really desperate on the phone.
Yeah, I'm living in hell.
I'm terrified to come in this house.
We need help.
I can't do this where I see my mom crying, and everyone is miserable, and...
Okay. So who else is in the house?
Here is actually my whole family.
Okay. So who's who here?
This is my brother, Richard.
Okay.
That's my mom.
Okay.
That's my dad. He's actually a cop.
Your father's a cop?
Yeah.
And that's my younger brother, Louie.
Okay.
And then, that's me.
Now, Anthony, you mentioned that you think things got worse when you and Carlos moved in.
Yeah.
Think that kind of caused or triggered something?
Seems like it, yeah. It seems like it made it angry.
Okay. So what kind of things are we talking about?
We're hearing noises, footsteps, and things are disappearing, moving.
We're seeing apparitions, physical attacks, and illnesses.
What kind of illnesses we talking about?
Headaches, blurred vision, dizziness, nausea.
And recently, I was actually hospitalized with a heart condition.
How old are you?
22.
So what was the heart condition about?
I had a really bad chest pain, and when I was in the hospital, they couldn't figure out what it was.
Are you doing any kind of dope, any kind of drugs, anything like that?
Don't [bleep] with me. I'm serious about that.
Never.
Okay. Why don't you just move?
This is my childhood home. I would love to stay here.
But whatever it is, is ruining us as a family, and it's, like, tearing us apart, and we need help.
I think people are gonna end up getting hurt.
Okay.
Oh, no.
I'm having a heart issue in here.
I think that there's a living male who's having heart problems.
The elderly group of people is influencing this person because they're vulnerable.
He already has medical issues, and they're taking advantage of that.
It's kind of scary because they could cause this person to have a heart attack and die.
They try to get him when he's alone.
[Bleep]
[Sighing heavily]
Ugh, okay. I'm...
I'm feeling it a little bit.
He gets panicked and freaked out.
I don't know why they're trying to kill him.
All right. So what's going on?
I call it the top hat man.
It's just pure black.
It's, like, a silhouette of a man...
Okay. with a top hat.
Any kind of features?
No.
Okay.
It's just solid black.
Okay. And you saw that in which bedroom?
In my bedroom.
In this one?
Yes.
Just standing there.
Now, is anything else going on?
We've seen blood, actual, physical blood within the house.
Where?
In this hallway, in the bathroom, down the stairs and right in front of the basement door.
All right. So let me get this straight.
We're talking about actual what you think is physical blood?
Yes.
Now, you got a red light in the bathroom.
Yes.
You sure it couldn't have been water that looked like blood because of the light?
Nope.
You guys have any pets at that time?
We did. We had a dog.
My dad had checked the whole dog, checked his paws, checked everything.
What did he think?
He tried everything he could to figure out what it was.
I remember he got my mom's nail polish.
He got her lipstick.
And nothing could match what was on the floor.
This is some off-the-wall stuff.
Yeah.
This blood thing's a first in all these investigations I've done.
I've never heard anything like this.
When I was growing up, I had seen a lot of stuff in this house.
But now, it's actually almost like it's interacting with us, like, attacking people.
Somebody's bleeding in here.
I'm seeing hands and blood, blood on the floor.
How much? Where?
Quite a bit.
Definitely goes out the door.
I don't know where it goes, though.
So, Carlos, I understand you and Anthony moved in here a year ago.
Yes.
And I understand that you've had experiences.
Yes. We were downstairs, and we were on the couch.
And all the sudden, the blanket that was on the couch, just, like, someone picked it up and dropped it.
Were you guys awake, or...?
Yeah, we were awake. We were watching TV.
And nobody was in the house playing games with you guys?
No. We were alone downstairs.
I can't even think what the hell nonparanormal that would've caused that.
Anything else like that happen?
Yeah, there was a banging at the end of the bed.
So we're talking about one of these?
Yeah.
It woke me up.
But I didn't open my eyes 'cause I was scared to see what was there.
Okay.
So that's happened several times.
And this is when the two of you guys were in bed together?
Yes.
I've had cases before where dead people may not approve of your lifestyle.
We've thought of that. Anthony's mom thinks it's me.
You?
Yes.
And why's she think that?
Well, she says that when I first started coming here, that's when the activity picked up.
You ever think about just moving?
No. Well, we know that we love each other, and we're gonna be together, so we're gonna fight this together.
There's a living person getting shoved, but it's against the wall.
Like, they're coming out, and they're like...
La, la-la-la-la!...
And then just like, "Ow."
Like, you know what I mean?
And this is a male, yeah.
I'm feeling a younger male.
He's kind of metrosexual.
The person being shoved into the walls is due to the elderly woman and her henchmen.
I don't know why these dead people are doing this.
It's causing, like, a breakdown.
It's really horrible.
: So, Terry, I was talking to Anthony.
He thinks that when he moved in here with Carlos, that things kind of amped up.
I agree.
Do you think it has to do with their lifestyle, or do you think it's because Carlos is new to the house?
I'm not sure if it's because they're gay or if it's because we brought someone new in and whatever is here didn't want it.
I mean, how did you, if you don't mind me asking, take the news that Anthony was... was gay?
Um, not very well.
It took a while to get through that.
And I struggled with the fact that I felt that I was never gonna have grandchildren or anything.
So, Terry, let's get to you.
What about your experiences? What's going on?
I've been touched in my sleep.
Okay. In what manner?
Just a push on my shoulder.
First, I thought I was dreaming, but you know how you come to, and you realize you're not dreaming?
It terrified me so bad.
My husband was working overnight.
So I called him home, had him come home and stay with me.
So what else is going on?
I have a really difficult time sleeping.
I have a lot of nightmares.
I wake up terrified, and I don't know why.
You can't sleep. It's scary to sleep.
Whoa. There's a lot of anxiety up here.
Lots of fear in living people here.
They can't sleep.
They can't eat.
This is really bad. Okay.
The three elderly people are doing this to the living people here.
I do feel like a female is definitely perceiving this.
[Whimpers]
Not sleeping, I think, is making them worse.
Like, they're really falling into a horrible depression.
And it's, like, really nearing, like, a mental breakdown because of all of this.
These dead people are totally taking advantage of that.
Oh, my God.
: Okay, so what else is going on?
One night, the whole family was playing a game in the kitchen, and we had a water bottle that went from the kitchen into the living room.
So where was the bottle?
The bottle was on the floor.
Well, you got a water bottle here. Can I use this?
Certainly.
As if somebody kicked it, and it just rolled right into the living room?
Right. Right into the living room.
Whether that's paranormal or not, I...
I don't know.
All right. What else is going on down here?
That same night, when we were playing the game, the light was swaying back and forth.
This chandelier here?
Yes.
All right. So this is not stiff. So...
Right.
Anybody hit it?
Nobody hit it.
Was the door open?
Was there any wind?
No.
Was anything else going on in here?
One morning, when everybody was getting around for work, they came down, and every cabinet in here was wide open.
These aren't easy to open.
Right. They were all open.
Nobody playing jokes?
Everybody denies that they had anything to do with it.
I'm seeing lots of stuff happening in the kitchen, physical phenomena.
I'm seeing, like, these chairs...
They're all nice like this.
Person turns, turns around.
They're all pulled out, all pulled out.
And then, these are open.
Lots of stuff happening in the kitchen, like, movement of objects.
I already know why.
Person here has P.K. abilities.
: Do you see the person?
Female, shorter than me.
She's, like... maybe, like, 45.
She's got brown hair.
The P.K. manifestation, it's, like, grumbling and, like, hissing.
That is a pretty intense personality.
Gets yelling.
How large is it?
Well, right now, it's not so big because it made itself smaller.
It looks like an inkblot with arms.
And half human?
It can make, like, a head with eyes and mouth, but that's it.
It's, like, saying really negative, bad words to me.
That thing's nasty.
I understand you're Richard's girlfriend.
Yeah.
Okay.
And you've spent a lot of time here?
No.
Okay, why not?
I was sleeping one night, and I felt like someone was holding the blankets over my head.
I just panicked. I was trying to move. I couldn't move.
I fought it, and I got out of the blankets.
I was sweating. I was crying.
Okay. I can see now you're upset about it.
You sure this wasn't a nightmare?
No, definitely not a nightmare.
I could see the light from the TV.
I could hear Anthony and Carlos in the other room, talking.
Is anything else going on in here?
I was sleeping one night.
It was about 3:00 in the morning.
And I could see a shadow figure.
I was just terrified.
Can you describe that shadow figure for me at all?
It was almost like a shadow creature.
Like, its arms were bent back. Its legs were bent back.
Okay.
Had no eyes, just holes.
How big was this thing?
Size of a pillow.
Oh, small?
Yeah.
I was so shaken up.
When we finally got up, my back was burning.
And I went home, and there was a... a bite mark on the small of my back.
Now, do you think that whatever's here is trying to drive you out so you're not here anymore?
Yeah.
Every time I'm here, I just get a feeling that I shouldn't be here.
Okay, whoever created this thing has a [bleep] problem with the person in this room.
Why do you say that?
I feel like it's trying to bite or scratch.
Burning, scratching, hitting, pulling hair, that kind of thing.
Making this person sick.
It's threatening, threatening this person, "I'm going to get you."
: Look, I always play devil's advocate to see if there could be a nonparanormal explanation for what my clients are going through.
But I got to thinking about the stuff Terry's been seeing moving around in the kitchen, and I'm wondering if it had something to do with the house settling.
I'm heading back there now to meet up with a couple of building inspectors to see if there's any chance that's the case.
Okay, so this is the reason I called you guys.
I'm investigating the house, and there's claims in the house of things that make no sense to me.
They're talking about cabinet doors in the kitchen all opening up.
Nobody's doing it.
Stuff rolling on the floor on its own.
Have you guys ever seen anything that would cause that kind of activity to happen?
Sure, sure.
Okay.
So it's possible?
Yeah.
We'll take a good look at it.
We'll see what's going on in the interior.
Then we'll report back to you.
Excellent.
: With so much bizarre activity going on inside Terry's house, I need to rule out the obvious first. Then I can focus on what physical evidence can explain.
All right. So what'd you guys find out?
All right. Basically, we found a couple of cosmetic stuff on the exterior here.
But the house itself is... It's sound.
So there's nothing wrong in the house that would make a bottle just go across the floor to the other side?
The floor, it's only off about a half-inch from end to end.
That's typical for a house.
Cabinet doors opening all on their own, all of them?
No. There's nothing that would explain that.
Okay. So now I know at least what it's not.
Right. There's no problem with the house itself.
So when I pull the deed to the house, the first family I came up with was the Blakesleys.
So I called a local author to look into it for me.
And he said this family has a very wild story that will definitely help my case.
You had mentioned on the phone there was a wild story connected with this family.
Yeah, it goes back to one of the Blakesleys, a woman named Sylvia, who was born in 1816.
We were able to find a photo of her.
As you can tell, she's a very stern woman, and she was married to a guy named Alfred, who was a brickmaker.
He died.
Okay.
And she took over the business, which is actually quite unusual at that time, for a woman to take over a business like that.
She must've been a very independent, powerful, and ruthless woman.
Well, what do you mean by ruthless?
In two different cases, Sylvia actually sued two close family members over money.
Over money. Okay. Who was the first one?
Her sister and her nephew both owed her money, so she sued them to get the money back.
She ended up getting a judge to go and put a lien on all of their stuff.
On her sister and her own nephew?
Correct.
She's a real piece of work, this woman.
Okay. So that's the first one.
What was the second one?
Eight years later, her son and her grandson both have their own brickmaking business, and she sues them when their business fell under.
And why'd she do that?
Well, because it would protect her from the debtors.
And I have an article about it.
This is one cold-hearted [bleep]
Yeah, and that's not all.
She also institutionalized her own grand-nephew.
Okay. So what's the story with that?
This man's name is Fred Blakesley.
Okay.
And he fell in love with Sylvia's daughter, Lucy.
Sylvia and her husband did not approve of Fred Blakesley's obsession with Lucy.
Sylvia filed court papers to get him committed into the state insane asylum.
And here's the papers.
Okay. So if she's not suing the family, she's having them committed.
Just another way to show who's boss.
The old woman, I know she goes way back.
She and her two henchmen definitely lived here at some point, and they had a business here.
I feel like one of them was her husband, and he was, like, the figurehead.
But she was really the one in charge.
She was business.
I think they had a lot of money.
One of these men, I think, was in a camp at some point, like, a prison camp or something.
Okay.
He thinks she [bleep] killed him.
He just... just despises her.
If you need us to investigate unexplained activity in your home, go to the "Dead Files" page at travelchannel.com.
Click on "Help Me, Dead Files!" to submit your story, and we'll help if we can.
: So far, I've got a family living in fear on a property connected to a lot of suffering.
But I need to see if there's anything else that could help my investigation.
Searching through old records, I find a gruesome murder involving an 18-year-old farmhand.
Turns out he fatally stabbed a woman right next to my client's property.
So I've asked a retired cop to look into it for me.
He described it as one of the most savage homicides in the town's history.
So, Jerry, thanks for meeting me and helping me out with this.
What'd you find out about the homicide?
July 24, 1853, there was a guy named Brazila Bradley.
He lived right next to your clients' property.
Brazila takes his kids to church.
His wife, Esther Bradley, stayed behind because she was sick.
They had an 18-year-old Irish farmhand named Michael Jennings who came there to rob 'em.
He discovered the wife in her house.
And he stabs her approximately 50 times, cutting off her nose, stabbing the head, the chest, and stabbed her once so violently that the tip of the knife broke off in her breastbone.
50 times?
50 times. Crime of passion.
Yeah.
You and I both know it.
So I got to assume this had to be a huge to-do back then.
All the papers.
Here's one of the articles.
Okay.
So what happened with him?
He goes on trial. He's convicted of murder.
They send him up to Newgate Prison, which is a hell on Earth.
And almost a year later, he's hung in front of a very large crowd, estimated at about 400 people.
Here's an article on the execution of Michael Jennings.
He deserved it.
: I'm seeing that guy bleeding from his hands again, and it's, like, shock.
He's feeling, "What the [bleep] happened?
What the [bleep] happened? What's going on?"
Does not have any clue what the [bleep] just went down.
I'm dizzy.
I'm having back pain, specifically here, very, very bad.
Really [bleep] bad, though, really bad.
It's like [Hisses] like, in your ears, and you're like, "Ah."
I don't like it.
Pain is following me.
Somebody's crawling on the ground behind me.
They're hanging onto my spine.
It's the female.
She can hurt you.
She can hurt living people.
I need her the [bleep] off.
Oh, I don't like this.
I need her off.
Like, now, I'm, like, all creeped out.
Like, maybe she's, like, from a cemetery, like, nearby or something?
Are we dealing with, like, [bleep] bodies buried here, and they're pissed off, and they're, like, wreaking havoc?
I saw several dead people during my walk, but the P.K. manifestation hovering over a living person has me the most concerned.
It was all black.
It had a human arm and leg coming out of it.
And then kind of in the center, was this female.
It makes you frightened?
Mm.
Amy, is this what you saw?
Yes, that's what I saw.
: Now that Amy and I have completed our investigations, we're ready to reveal our findings to each other and our clients for the first time.
Amy, I'd like you to meet Anthony, and this is his mom, Terry.
About a year ago, Anthony moved in here with his husband, Carlos, and that's when all hell broke loose.
Now, I want to show you who else lives in their house.
So this is Rich, Terry's husband.
This is Carlos, who's Anthony's husband.
These are his two brothers, Louie and Richard.
Now, Anthony thinks that when he came home, he triggered something that puts the whole family in danger.
And that's why he called us in.
Now that Amy knows a little bit about you guys, I'm gonna have her describe her walk for us.
One of the first things that I saw was upstairs, and I saw blood all over the floor.
And the blood led out of the bathroom and into the hallway.
I was experiencing it through the individual that had the initial experience.
And I saw my hands, and they were a male's hands, and they had blood on them.
And the male was feeling very confused.
Just... it's just wow.
We... we found blood.
We were in the basement, and we had opened the door, and there was droplets of blood right in front of the door of the basement and up the stairs, into the hallway and through the closed door into the bathroom.
Her husband, Rich, is a cop.
He investigated this thoroughly and couldn't figure out what the hell this came from.
Now, this is a long shot, but when you said you saw a guy acting confused with blood on his hands, it made me think about something I came across in my research.
Now, in 1853, there was a 43-year-old woman named Esther Bradley that lived next to your property.
And her husband and two kids went to church, and she wasn't feeling well and stayed back.
An Irish farmhand that worked for the family, 18 years old, went into the house to rob it and found her there.
He wound up stabbing her to death.
And he stabbed her 50 times.
50 times?
The head, the neck, the chest.
One of the stab wounds was so bad he actually broke off the tip of the knife in her chest.
They did catch him at the train station with blood, the knife.
Stayed in jail for about a year.
And then, they hung him.
Good.
So what else did you see?
There are three conscious dead people here that I'm very concerned about.
There are two males and one female, and they are all elderly.
The female has the two men attached to her.
She's, like, the boss of these two guys.
The intentions there are not particularly friendly.
The two men, they're very physical, very strong.
She's extremely intelligent and is consistently manipulating them.
One of the men told me, "She has malicious intentions. She's forcing us to do this."
So if they have bad intentions, what... what are they doing?
There was definitely physical touching and attacks, pushing, shoving, pinching, things like that.
I got, like, somebody being kind of shoved into the walls.
I get dizzy in the stairwell.
Do you ever feel yourself getting... like you were getting pushed into a wall and not realize it?
Yes.
Interesting. Okay.
: The other thing that I got...
She was making two people in the house ill, and the first one that I got specifically was a living woman.
I saw her in the master bedroom, and she was crying and in a deep depression and that she was on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
Oh, my God.
That's me. That's me.
I have been horrible all over the place, crying.
I don't know if I should be, like, upset or more than pissed.
She's affecting two people?
Yeah.
The second was a living male having heart pain or chest pain.
Oh, my God.
So significant heart problems.
I didn't know if it was high blood pressure, high cholesterol or both.
This person already had this condition, but the woman and the two guys with her are making it worse.
And they're really focused on trying to... to fatally harm him.
Oh, my God.
And I don't know why.
I've had heart issues.
Just when I moved back in last year.
I never had problems before. Never had a heart issue before.
I mean...
Well, how old are you?
22.
How can she do this?
I wish I could just grab her.
I want to [bleep] strangle the [bleep]
You ever get an idea of who she was and who these two guys were, maybe when they were alive?
This is what I got.
At least one of them, I believe, lived here.
And the other two might have lived around or nearby.
I think they owned a business here, and at least one of them died here on the land.
The female was able to control these men when they were alive as well, so it's not just in death.
I got that, you know, she was pretty far back.
She was all about business. I think she had a lot of money.
She made it very clear that she was the one who really called all the shots, especially with finances.
As far as the men, I think at one point, one of them might have been her husband, and then, the other guy, I...
The one thing with him was that he had been in a camp at some point, like a prison camp.
You talking about a woman who lived here, had a lot of money, and based on some of the things you said, was a real piece of work, obviously.
Now, that makes me think of a woman who did live on that property, Sylvia Blakesley.
Now, Sylvia married a guy who died in 1886, and she took over his brickmaking business.
Back then, in the 1800s, a woman didn't take over a man's business and run it.
She ruled with an iron fist from what I was told.
She was business-savvy, ruthless.
She sued her own sister and nephew over a small amount of money.
Next thing she wound up doing is suing her son and her grandson because they went bankrupt, and she didn't want the creditors coming after her.
Now, you said something about one of them guys being in a prison camp.
In 1895, her nephew Fred fell in love with her daughter, Lucy.
So now, Sylvia wasn't too fond of the fact that her nephew was trying to get romantically involved with her daughter.
So she filed papers with the courts to have him committed to an insane asylum.
What?
God.
Now, I was able to track down a photo of her.
Now, do you think that might've been the woman you saw?
Oh, yeah.
I could see it.
Now, you got a face to what's causing some of the problems here.
I told you they weren't good. Told you.
You did tell me that. You did tell me that.
When I...
[Sighs] Okay.
When I went into the kitchen, um...
You all right?
Yeah, I'm fine.
I'm all right.
What I saw was that you have a fully developed P.K. manifestation here.
What does that mean?
More than likely, somebody within the household has latent abilities.
And that ability would be telekinesis, or psychokinesis, okay, which is the ability to affect your surroundings without physical contact.
The initial thing that happens is a poltergeist will develop.
Oh, my gosh.
What can happen is that poltergeist lingers, and it pulls more energy and more energy and more energy.
And over a lot of time, it starts to become a conscious, functioning, independent entity.
Unfortunately, that's what's happened here.
It is very aware. It's very nasty.
It has an intense personality.
It was yelling, hissing, and growling at me.
Oh, my God.
It was swearing at me.
It's... it can be very physical.
And then, I started seeing the physical phenomena that was happening in the kitchen, like, one thing, like, I was turned around.
And then, I turned back at the table, and all the chairs had moved.
Oh, my God.
And I was like, "Whoa."
And then, I turn around, and I saw that the cabinets were opened.
Oh, my God.
Okay, all the cabinets were opened one morning.
Every single cabinet.
Every single one.
And the chandelier moved on its own.
The chandelier moved on its own.
Now, when you were telling me about what was going on in the kitchen, I had to do my due diligence and had the house checked by two inspectors to see if the house was off.
It's off by a half-inch, which is pretty common.
You have a tilt coming this way.
But it's not enough to have cabinets and chandeliers moving on their own.
The house is structurally sound.
So now, this thing that you're talking about, this P.K., now, is it only in the kitchen, this thing?
Uh, no. It's extremely active in several of the bedrooms.
Specifically, I saw it messing with someone in the bedroom with the red comforter.
The individual who had something to do with the creation of this had a lot of issues with this person in this room, and these are unresolved issues.
The living person in that room is constantly hearing, like, whispering.
The thing's, like, trying to threaten them.
Like, basically, the overall feeling and vibe is that it's gonna get them.
Also, what I was seeing was the...
It getting physical, hitting the bed.
I felt the mattress jolting up.
I saw it trying to bite or scratch or burn this person and trying to hit this person, pulling their hair.
Now, Richard, his girlfriend, Sophie, she don't stay here anymore.
Right.
She won't even come here when it's dark out.
Would you mind telling Amy about what happened to her one night?
She was held down in the bed, and it was scratching her neck, and something bit her.
Now, you mentioned something about the bed shaking?
Yeah.
Happened to Carlos?
Yes, one time, he woke up, and there was, like, someone banging at the foot of the bed.
And someone was, like, it was almost like they were punching the bottom of the bed through the mattress so it would shake.
Okay.
What I was seeing, it was really weird.
And so I did have a sketch done.
This reminds me of something that Sophie explained to me.
Oh, my God.
I've seen this face.
Everybody in the house is seeing shadow figures in different sizes.
Sophie mentioned to me that she saw this thing pillow-sized.
Okay, interesting.
It can change its size.
It can be very small, very large.
This is the 800-pound gorilla in the room.
I know from working with her, what she was saying before, this P.K. is developed from a living agent, usually in the house, correct?
Yeah.
You have any idea who it may be?
What I got about this person was that the person's extremely stressed out, female.
And she had brown hair, about 45 years old, shorter than myself, going through hormonal changes.
Yep, that's me.
I'm having a little heart pain.
So I caused this?
You okay, buddy?
Yeah. I just needed an...
: All right. Just take a deep breath.
I know. Okay.
Oh, my God.
Relax.
I know.
I'm feeling like I brought all of this...
I know. I don't want you to feel that way.
It's not like you did this maliciously.
It's all of your stress.
It's all of your pain. It's all of your fears.
It's all of your anger and, like, things that you weren't able to deal with.
And you put 'em all in this little ball, and it's completely uncontrollable.
And you don't even know you have it, so you can't do the things to shut it down.
: Listen, I... I don't want to bring it up, but I want to make sure we diagnose this the right way.
You had mentioned to me, with Anthony, you weren't happy about him being gay.
Mm-hmm.
It was very difficult, yes.
It's not your fault.
: Okay, so what's your relationship like with Sophie?
Richard says I hate all of his girlfriends.
So I'm wondering if that's the same situation because what's happening to Sophie...
Is happening to him.
To Carlos.
It could be, yeah.
I just want to know how to stop it.
: Well, Anthony, Terry, it's been a tough night for you guys.
Obviously, you heard things that you didn't want to hear, but we don't pull punches.
And that's why you brought us in.
So now, we're gonna answer your big question...
Can you figure out a way how to get rid of whatever the hell's here so that you can live here with your husband and with the rest of your family?
So, for that, I'm gonna turn it over to Amy.
So the first thing that we're gonna address is the P.K. manifestation.
There are several things that I would like for you to do.
I want you to get what's called craniosacral therapy.
What the practitioner will do is they'll place their hands on various parts of your body.
And what this does is it's an energetic form of healing.
Okay.
The other thing is that I would like you to look up Tibetan monk chanting.
This is another way that you can release, physically into the environment, beauty, okay, and to, again, balance your body physiologically, mentally, emotionally.
Okay.
As far as the P.K. manifestation, what's gonna happen is over a period of time, it'll dissipate...
Okay.
Because it will have nothing to feed off of anymore.
The next thing is to get rid of the three dead people that we have here.
What I would like is someone who is a psychic knower who also practices demonology.
Now, we don't have a demon here, but we have very, very nasty dead person.
The demonology part of it, with their experience, is that they're gonna know how to exorcise her.
So I do want an exorcism performed by this person to throw her out.
The old men, they're basically trapped here by her.
Once she's gone, they're gonna want to leave.
If we come back in a year, if they follow the advice you gave them, are we gonna see a much happier...
Oh, yeah. Oh, it'll be so, so different.
That's what we need.
I'm really rooting for you guys.
There's one other thing You got to promise me that you're not gonna beat yourself up about this.
Well, I... of course I'm gonna feel a little guilty, but knowing that I can fix it will hopefully dissipate that.
Okay. You gonna take Amy's advice?
I'll make it work.
Of course, absolutely.
We'll figure it out tomorrow.
We'll find people as soon as we can.
Thank God we know what is going on now, and we can get rid of it.
: Anthony and Terry have a difficult road ahead of them ???
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
