Something happened. Bam, bam, bam.
I felt hands push on my back.
And I just kept flippin' down the stairs.
I think he's [bleep] with people's heads really bad.
It was a deep, animalistic growl, like...
[Growls]
It's just gonna happen again and again and again.
I don't know if we are just crazy.
He's like, "You think you can stop me?
Because you can't."
He is bent on revenge.
There's a dark presence.
My name is Amy Allan.
These things, they're freaking out.
They're from hell.
I see dead people.
They were being hunted.
I speak to dead people.
They were setting people on fire, burning them alive.
And they speak to me.
Her neck got broken.
But there's only one way to know if my findings are real.
I hear a gunshot.
I rely on my partner.
I'm Steve Di Schiavi.
I'm a retired New York City homicide detective.
Something's not right here.
And I know every person, every house has secrets.
It's not safe here.
It's my job to reveal them.
Are any of them buried on the property?
They're all buried here.
But Steve and I never speak...
We never communicate during an investigation.
Until the very end...
I can't do it no more.
When we uncover if it's safe for you to stay...
Holy [bleep] Look at this.
Or time to get out.
It does not have a happy ending.
Something kills people here.
I'm in the small town of Sicily Island, Louisiana.
It's about two hours north of Baton Rouge.
I got a call from a woman who sounded real bad, and I mean terrible.
She says whatever's in her house is goin' after her children and her grandchild.
She told me, if we can't help her, someone's gonna get hurt.
: Before Amy arrives, I clear the area of any leading information, covering anything that might reveal to Amy who lives in the house.
When I'm done, the location will be ready for tonight's walk.
: There's a lot of men.
They're, like forming a big circle.
But they're, like, very active over there.
I don't like it.
There are a lot of these men.
How many would you say?
I would say like 100.
They go all the way around in the circle, all the way around.
They're surrounding the place.
: Well, when I talked to you on the phone, you sounded really upset.
: I'm at wits' end.
We bought this place a couple of years ago.
This is goin' to be our retirement home, the dream home I always wanted.
Two or three months in, you know, then, things started changing.
The family is at each other's throats.
My husband and I have been together since 1987.
We've never argued, never had a fight.
We were always known as the happy family.
Now I've had fantasies that I want everybody gone.
It's gotten to the point where we're on the verge of divorce because we don't even like to look at each other without feeling some kind of resentment, and we don't know why.
All right.
So who exactly lives in the house with you?
We have my husband, Johnny, myself.
Then, we have Chelsea, who is 22.
Okay.
And then Jonathan, who is 26, and then my youngest daughter, Brittany, who's 19, and then the grandbaby, who just turned a year old in February.
Give me a list of what everybody's going through.
Footsteps, shadows, apparitions, things moving.
It's starting to get violent.
Pat, it gets me concerned when you say "violent."
What are we talkin' about?
I've had a daughter pushed down the stairs.
I've had one pinned up against her wall.
Oh, geez.
What are you hoping we can do for you now that we're here?
We trust you guys, and we're really hoping and praying that you can give us some answers, help us find out what we're dealing with.
: But they definitely see them, and they do see them like shadow people.
They can be physical and very direct.
They can completely interact with the living, and they can absolutely affect them.
This place is all about revenge.
Mm.
Different people want revenge.
What do they want to do?
They would like to murder and torture people.
Okay. So what's going on in here?
It's a lot of activity that goes on in here.
So I haven't slept in a year and a half.
Okay, so what are we talkin' about?
What kind of activity?
I've heard some growling.
What did it sound like?
It was a deep, throaty, animalistic growl, like...
[Growls]
What about animals, stray animals, do a growling noise like that?
No, no. There is no stray animals that run around.
And then, I've seen shadow people in the corner of the room.
Okay. Describe 'em to me.
It's a group of five or six, I would say, just standing there.
I mean, you got a big window here.
Could it possibly be people from outside?
I don't see how.
Not at night.
I don't see how.
Oh, I just saw this huge [bleep] thing.
He, like, bent down, and then, he stood up.
And he was, like, enormous.
How tall would you say?
As tall as the ceiling.
Is he related to the ones outside?
Yes. He just He comes in.
Then, he's just stare... you know, standing there.
Do you think people have seen him?
Yes.
It was a vision from the person in the bed.
: I was talking to your wife, Pat, and she's pretty upset.
She thinks that whatever's happening here is tearing the family apart.
I believe so, yeah.
She said to me, you know, she fantasizes about being alone in the house.
Right.
I mean, does that sound like Pat to you?
Ordinarily, no. Since we've been here, yes.
I get the feeling that she would be okay with me leavin'.
So you think she's allowing the house to come between you guys?
Yep. She's obsessed with it.
To me, there's nothin' more important than family.
I mean, I could care less about this house.
Now, what about yourself?
Have you ever experienced anything in the house?
Yeah.
I've seen the silhouette of a man at the top of the stairs.
It was, uh, a dark figure.
And it looked like he had a beard.
Okay. Anything else?
I've heard things fall, uh, or... or being thrown, like maybe somebody dropped a book on carpet.
How often are you hearing these sounds?
I've just heard 'em a few times, but everyone else tells me they hear 'em all the time.
What do you think's in this house?
I haven't got an idea, but if it's evil, then it's got to be some kind of demonic figure.
If it's somethin' bad, I'm... I'm not gonna stay.
I just saw another shadow person in the hallway.
It was right here.
And then, it crawled up the back of the stairs.
And then, it popped through this stair.
But it makes a lot of noise, a lot of ruckus.
It would be, like, a lot of crashing and banging.
And I think they might hear, like, the grunting and the growling.
It was angry that we came into its space.
: When I was talkin' to your mom, she mentioned that her and your dad were talking about divorce.
That started about a month or two after we moved into this house.
Honestly, I don't like it.
I feel like the house is just tearing us all apart.
All right, now, she's concerned about your son.
Think she has a reason to be concerned?
I do.
And why do you say that?
Um, I was about six to seven months pregnant, and I was comin' out of the bathroom.
And I felt hands push on my back.
And I just kept flippin' down the stairs.
I mean, that's some friggin' fall you took.
So how bad you get hurt?
Scrapes and bruises.
They did suspect that I was going into premature labor.
But they were able to slow it down.
Okay.
You got lucky on that one.
Oh, yeah.
Seen people fall less than that and break their neck and died.
I feel like something was intentionally trying to make me lose my son.
I'm seeing this... old man.
He's pissed.
There's a lot of anger here, a lot of tension...
[Exhales sharply]
'Cause he is bent on revenge.
So a woman died up here.
Way in her death state.
She's puking.
She's really sick.
Now I'm feeling pain.
Ugh.
It literally feels like I'm being stabbed to death.
The old man's like, "Oh. Ha-ha.
You think you can stop me? You think you can stop me?
Because you can't."
He's like, "And it's just gonna happen again and again and again and again."
What is?
Women gettin' killed.
Seems like everybody in the house is having experiences.
What about you?
I would wake up sometimes to feel like someone's hand was on my neck.
Kind of just woke me up like I was gasping for air.
How many times has this happened to you?
It has happened at least a dozen times.
Okay. So has anything else happened?
Three times, on separate occasions since I've lived here in the two years, I would wake up, and there'd be open razor blades sitting where I was sleeping.
I mean, are you [bleep] with me?
Or are you tellin' me the truth about this?
I'm tellin' you the truth.
So basically, what you're tellin' me is every night you go to bed, you don't know if you're gonna get choked, woken up by razor blades?
Do you have any idea how [bleep] this sounds?
Yeah.
I don't know if it's the house or if we are just crazy.
: I don't really like it in here, either.
This dead guy is the main [bleep] problem.
I think he can cause hallucinations.
I think he can [bleep] people's heads really bad.
He can cause physical pain, um, to the living.
He's very creepy.
He can cause, like, stabbing pain, cutting pain, burning pain, um, choking pain, um, things like that.
I was talkin' to mom about some of the bizarre stuff goin' on here.
Now, she thinks that whatever's here is tearing the family apart. Do you agree with that?
We used to be a pretty close, tight-knit family.
We just kind of barely can stand the sight of each other.
As far as your experiences, you've had some, I understand.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Why don't you tell me about one of 'em?
I woke up one night, um, in a really odd position.
I was, uh, up my wall.
And my feet were kind of dangling.
So you're basically pinned on the ceiling?
Mm-hmm.
That's something out of a movie.
You sure you didn't dream that?
I'm positive.
I fell down onto the bed.
All right. What else has happened?
I was actually having, um, a pretty strange nightmare, which is what woke me up.
I was being pinned down by a woman.
Um, and she had her hands over my mouth and my nose.
So, Chelsea, if you saw this woman again in a sketch or a photo or somethin' like that, would you recognize her?
Actually, a year after I had the dream that my mom was doin' some research on the house and came across a photo of Nettie Fairbanks.
Okay.
And, um... it was the woman from my nightmares.
This person lived here?
Yes.
A lot of the old man's anger, like, just fills every nook and cranny in here.
He just comes in, and it's like just all this rage.
I think that there's a living person.
Um, he's, like, stomping her down.
Like, he's stomping her down.
And because of the hallucinations and stuff, I don't think there's a lot of sleep to be had.
He gets in there, and he's, like, pullin' stuff out, like, nasty [bleep].
And, like, making these weird hallucinations around it.
He does not want them here.
And I think that he is trying to figure out how exactly to get rid of them.
He's a mean [bleep].
[Sighs]
: Chelsea thinks that some woman named Nettie Fairbanks is haunting her house.
Now, when clients do their own research, I take it with a grain of salt, but I reached out to a state historian who says that woman really did live in the house and that her time there was filled with nothing but tragedy.
So, Charlotte, it's true that Nettie Fairbanks lived in my clients' property and in the house.
Yes, that's true.
Okay. So what do we know about her?
Well, in 1892, Henry Fairbanks actually bought the property.
He fell in love with Henrietta Blackman, who he called Nettie.
And I have a photo of her for you.
Okay, so this is good news because my client said she saw this woman.
Now, did she and Henry have any kids?
Yes. They have three children.
Two boys, Russell and Thomas, and a little girl named Henrietta.
Now, Charlotte, you mentioned on the phone that this woman in the family had a life of tragedy.
What'd you mean?
Well, in 1899, the night that Henrietta was born, Henry had a terrible accident.
Okay.
He was out celebrating.
And he decided to ride home on his horse.
He was stinking, fall-down drunk.
And he fell in a water-filled ditch.
This would seem harmless, but he actually caught pneumonia from the dirty water he fell into, and he died three days later.
Oh, you're kiddin' me.
The following year, in 1900, her baby boy, Thomas, dies.
He was three years old at the time.
Okay. Do we know how Thomas died?
There are no details how he died.
Okay, so, now her husband's dead, her kid's dead.
Does she stay on the property?
She did stay after that.
In 1901, she actually marries again.
This time, she marries a traveling dentist, Dr. Henry Joseph Disch.
And that is his photo.
I mean, do things go well? She live happily ever after?
What happens?
Actually, no. As it turns out, Nettie's daughter was born with epilepsy.
Here's a photo of Henrietta.
She suffered from severe seizures.
She became difficult to handle.
So when she was 22 years old, she was sent away to the Louisiana State Hospital for the Insane.
In 1922, at the age of 23, Henrietta dies in the hospital.
According to her death record, she died of epilepsy.
Okay.
Nettie remains on the property another 10 years.
Okay.
She becomes weak and suffers from an illness that eventually leads to a cerebral hemorrhage.
Here's her death certificate.
Okay.
She dies in 1932 at the age of 58.
Does she die on the property?
She actually dies at her son's home.
But according to descendants, her body was brought back to her home for the wake.
Okay. That's interesting.
Some of these... Like, there was a lot of death here.
There were, like, three or four deaths.
Something happened. Bam, bam, bam.
But they had, like, some kind of private, like, uh, ceremonies here or something.
It's all in embarrassment.
They're talking about this sister in particular.
And everybody's, like, talking like this.
"Uh, we have to do something because it's just awful.
It's just too embarrassing."
Yeah. I don't even know who's dead because, honestly, it's like, they're just, like, literally shoved in a corner.
So you can't see the actual body?
No.
I want to say it's a male and a female.
I think the male is the old man causing all the problems here.
Ah.
All right.
So who's on the property at this point?
After Nettie, her son, Russell Fairbanks, moved onto the property.
This is a photo of Russell.
Okay. What's his story?
Well, actually, he was a well-known, prominent man in the community.
He had followed in his stepfather's footsteps and become a dentist.
Well, in 1971, Russell suffers his own tragic death.
He decides to take a fishing trip one mile from his home, on Lake Lovelace.
Okay. So what happens at the lake?
Well, no one knows why, but for some reason, he fell overboard.
He drowned.
Here's a newspaper article. He was 75 at the time.
He was a rugged man's man.
And there's really no indication of why he fell overboard.
It's a mystery.
That's interesting.
: This guy causing all the problems, do you know how old he was when he died?
Late 60s, early 70s.
He lived here then, you think?
I believe he did.
Like, I think he died with his shirt off or something.
Like, he walks around without a shirt.
He had a lot of money.
And I think people really [bleep] respected the [bleep] out of him.
[Moans]
He's just, like, raving.
Like, he's like a [bleep] lunatic about this woman.
"[Bleep] hate her, and she's gonna eat it. She's gonna [bleep] eat it."
If you need us to investigate unexplained activity in your home, go to the "Dead Files" page at travelchannel.com.
Click on "Help Me, Dead Files!" to submit your story, and we'll help if we can.
: So far, I've got a family being torn apart by unexplained activity on a property that's seen one tragic death after another.
But I want to see if there's anything else that might help my investigation.
Searching through old records, I find a man named William Ditto.
Turns out he used to run a plantation right on my clients' property.
So I've asked a local genealogist to meet me here.
He says William Ditto got destroyed defending the Confederate cause.
In the 1860s, William Lego Ditto owned your clients' property.
He was a lawyer and a slave owner.
This guy was pretty wealthy, I would assume.
He was a very, very wealthy man.
He was worth $120,000 at that time, which was a lot of money.
How many slaves did Ditto have?
According to the 1860 census, he had 72 slaves.
Okay. So that's a lot, right?
That's a lot of slaves, yes.
Slaves had very few rights.
It was illegal to teach your slaves to read and write.
A slave owner could beat 'em.
Ohh.
That's pretty brutal.
Even for a homicide detective, this makes me squeamish just lookin' at this.
Would I assume correctly that slaves would have been buried on the property?
Yes, 'cause in this country We're so warm and all... you had to bury a person quickly.
Okay. Now, this guy, Ditto, you mentioned that he was a staunch Confederate.
Yes, he helped form a cavalry unit.
He went and fought, I believe it was in Kentucky.
Okay.
And he was captured.
He was prisoner of war for about a year and a half.
He was released from that the same day that Lee signed the treaty for the end of the war.
Okay. So this guy was a POW.
Right.
What happens?
He comes home. All the slaves are gone.
If he had Confederate money, it was worth nothing.
All he had was the value of the land.
So this guy basically went off to fight in the war, came home, he lost everything.
He lost everything.
He ended up having to sell your clients' property in 1868.
Okay.
And he moves to Florida.
Not surprised to find that there was slaves on the property, but my clients had no idea.
Those slaves were not the only slaves in Sicily Island.
The Native Americans there had slaves and were slaves.
And you might want to look into that.
Okay. Interesting.
I'm trying to understand who these shadow men are.
I think they were human before.
Do you have any idea when this was?
I get, like, a 1798 and then an 1843.
Okay.
I'm definitely hearing about bad, bad deaths.
I think they're all buried nearby.
And they're just bent on revenge.
Do you have any idea what they want revenge for?
How they were treated, like animals.
They had to walk a lot.
Their feet were bloody.
And I do see chains.
They don't want to go anywhere because they want their revenge.
: You know, I placed a couple calls, and Dave's lead checked out.
The Native Americans in Sicily Island were sold off into slavery.
I'm heading over to meet with a local author who wants to show me the exact spot where the Natchez tribe was wiped out.
We're really close to the spot where the Natchez Indians made their last stand against the French in early 1731.
So I know we're only a couple of miles from my clients' property, so this is important then.
So what can you tell me about the tribe?
To give you an idea of what they looked like, this is a modern representation.
So I know you mentioned that they were wiped out.
How'd that all happen?
In January of 1731, the French brought in cannons, brought in mortars.
And after pounding the place with things like... this... the vast majority of them are taken prisoner by the French.
They're taken down the Mississippi to New Orleans and shipped off to Santo Domingo and probably end up being worked to death in sugar cane fields there.
So that's it. There's no more...
There's no Natchez Nation after that.
Okay.
: I saw dozens of dead people during my walk.
But two have me the most concerned.
First, the leader of the shadow men.
I was in a bedroom. There was a person in the bed.
And there was this huge figure coming in from the other room.
Next, I describe the old man terrorizing the living.
He's white.
He had jowls, kind of wrinkled.
And he had deep-set eyes, like, kind of grumpy-looking.
Is this who you saw?
Yes.
: Now that Amy and I have completed our investigations, we're ready to reveal our findings to each other and our clients for the first time.
So, Amy, I'd like you to meet Pat.
And this is her husband, Johnny.
Now, they bought this fixer-upper about two years ago.
They hoped to turn it into their dream retirement home, and it's been anything but.
Chelsea is one of their three grown children that live here.
I got a photo of the other kids.
This is Jonathan, and this is Brittany, who also has a baby.
Now, everyone here agrees there's something weird going on, and I mean weird.
But Pat doesn't want to leave.
On the other hand, if Johnny doesn't like what he hears tonight, he's ready to pack up and leave.
So now that Amy knows a little bit about what's goin' on, I'm gonna ask her to describe her walk for us.
One of the most disturbing things that I encountered was actually outside.
I saw about 100 shadow men.
They were surrounding the house.
Wow.
These shadow people are extremely solid, and I felt like they could affect and influence people in the area.
And I do feel like they're capable of physical contact with the living.
: Well, pretty much everybody in the house has seen shadow figures.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I've seen it twice.
In the corner of my bedroom, they were all standing shoulder to shoulder, some in the backs, tall, short, varying heights.
I call them watchers.
That's what they were doing... just standing there, observing and watching.
Well, when I was in the master bedroom, I was seeing a situation that took place, but I was seeing it through the eyes of the person who was laying in the bed.
He, like, bent down, and then, he stood up, and he was, like, enormous.
How tall would you say?
As tall as the ceiling.
I did do a sketch.
: Oh, geez.
Take a look at that.
This is what I see.
It's definitely unnerving.
I don't need anybody watchin' me sleep.
: These shadow things, what are they?
Were they ever alive? What's the story?
: Yes, they were all alive at one point in time.
What I believe is that these people are from several different time periods.
I did see men being beaten, being treated like animals.
A group of them had walked a long distance.
And their feet were bleeding.
I saw some that were chained and starving.
I saw some dying.
The one consistent element with all of these men, mainly, um, is revenge.
They want revenge for how they all died.
Wow.
I think a large percentage of them are buried nearby.
Hmm.
And I got two specific dates...
1798 and 1843.
Now, we're in the Deep South, so it's no surprise that this place used to be a plantation at one time.
Now, back in 1860, your property was owned by a guy named William Lego Ditto.
Actually got a photo of him.
Oh.
That reminds me of the silhouette that I saw.
Couldn't make out any real detail like this.
But now that I see the picture with the beard, the shape, it's a lot like what I was seein'.
: Interesting.
He owned 72 slaves who worked the land.
Now, we all know the conditions of slaves and how inhumane it was.
This is a picture.
[Gasps] Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
: This is as it healed.
The expert I talked to said, more than likely, you have a lot of buried slaves here in unmarked graves.
Now, this guy, Ditto, was a staunch Confederate.
And he actually formed his own regiment right here and went off to fight the war.
Now, he wound up becomin' a POW.
Came back here to nothing.
Slaves were gone. Place was in ruins.
Not only did he lose the war, he lost everything.
Now, here's the other surprising thing that I came up with during the research.
There's another group of people that lived on the land also that became slaves.
This area was once occupied, in the 1700s, by the Native Americans.
They're called the Natchez tribe.
I got an artist's rendition of what they might've looked like.
In 1731, they got wiped out by the French.
Now, most of the tribe's people were killed.
But 200 were taken prisoner.
Mm.
They were put in chains and walked to New Orleans.
Oh, my gosh.
Where they were basically sold into slavery.
And they were sent to the Dominican Republic, where they worked in sugar canes.
The tribe was annihilated.
You think these shadow people may be the slaves and the Indians gettin' together?
Yeah. Totally makes sense.
Inhumane.
It is.
No excuse.
And I don't blame 'em for wanting revenge.
We're desecrating their resting place.
So what else did you see?
: I went to the back room behind the stairs.
And I heard someone say there was a lot of death here.
And then, I got bam, bam, bam.
And I heard three to four deaths.
And then, I was seeing wakes or funerals taking place.
I heard people talking in hushed tones.
I actually did overhear someone talking about how embarrassing, uh, about the sister and that she was kind of messed up or something.
And I was seeing two bodies in the corner.
One was male, and one was female.
The male was elderly.
And then, when I walked up the stairs, I ran into a woman who was in her death state.
And it was an extremely painful death.
She wasn't able to catch her breath.
And I suddenly felt like I was being stabbed to death all through my stomach area.
[Chelsea sobs]
: You okay, honey?
Just started a few days ago where I couldn't catch my breath.
And there was this... this sharp pain in my chest.
And I've had that stabbing pain in my side and my stomach for months now.
I'm assuming that's what she's feeling, Amy, or...
More than likely, yeah.
This is what we know for sure.
There was a woman whose wake was held here in the house.
She did die a very painful death.
Her name was Nettie Fairbanks.
And she moved into the house in 1894, when it was first built.
I actually have a photograph of her.
This is Nettie.
Her time here was pretty miserable.
In 1899, her husband got drunk, fell off his horse into some water, and wound up gettin' pneumonia and died three days later.
Mm.
In 1900, her three-year-old son died.
We don't know what the causes are.
She gets remarried to this traveling dentist.
Now, I tracked down a family portrait.
This is her daughter, Henrietta.
You mentioned somethin' about an embarrassment or something like that.
Whoa, yeah.
Okay. Now, Henrietta had epilepsy.
Her family couldn't handle it.
So she was sent to an insane asylum.
Oh, wow.
Henrietta spent less than a year in that insane asylum before she died at the age of 23.
Nettie's second husband died a couple years later...
Geez.
1924.
Now, Nettie stayed in the house for about 10 years before getting very sick.
In 1932, she died of a cerebral hemorrhage.
And her wake was actually held right here, in the house.
Wow.
Chelsea, you think she's haunting the house.
: Yeah.
I've seen her this clearly in nightmares.
She pins me down and puts her hands over my mouth and my nose.
Interesting.
So the person that I'm most concerned about is a nasty old man that I encountered.
He's very manipulative, very bad.
And he was laughing at me, and he was like, "You think you can stop me? No way. You're not gonna."
He really likes the room upstairs to the left.
That's Chelsea's room, just so you know.
Oh.
This guy, comin' into that room, he was stompin'... boom, boom, boom... and just pushing the rage.
I mean, it's overwhelming.
I saw that he was, like, stomping down on a living woman, um, like, trying to repress her.
And I got that she wasn't getting any sleep.
Also making people paranoid of one another and causing fights.
What he does is he'll reach into people's minds, and he'll dig out the nastiest stuff, like, the worst issues, and pop those up.
He can cause serious physical harm.
I feel that he is capable of that.
Sensations that I was getting was stabbing, cutting, burning, and choking pains.
: Well, pretty much listed every single thing these guys are experiencing.
I was having a nightmare, actually of... about Nettie.
And she was pinning me down.
And I woke up to this pressure on my chest.
And I was all the way up my wall.
My head was touching the rafters of my ceiling.
: Now, your sister, when she was six months pregnant, got pushed down the steps.
Yeah.
That could be him.
Now, her brother sleeps upstairs, too, and he has a lot of trouble feeling like he's being choked.
Mm-hmm. The smothering.
Yep.
Yeah.
Now, Jonathan, when I interviewed him, told me a story that I still don't believe, to be honest with you.
He'd wake up with razor blades in his bed.
And I thought he was messin' with me.
But maybe it's this guy making him hallucinate.
Now, you also said this guy can make people fight.
Whoa, yeah.
The anger is just at... just can just tip over at any slight, little thing, and we explode.
We never acted like this before.
It's got to be in this house.
This house is gonna tear us apart.
: You got any idea who this [bleep] was when he was alive?
: I got that he lived here, that he had a lot of money and power, that people really respected him when he was alive.
He was white, in his late 60s or early 70s when he died.
What I saw when he was crawling towards me was that he had his shirt off.
And I think that's how he died.
: All right, so this is a... It may be a long shot, but Nettie had a son named Russell.
Now, after Nettie died in 1932, he took over this house with his wife and six kids.
Now, this guy was a prominent guy.
He was a World War I vet. He was a dentist.
He was involved in politics.
Okay.
What really caught my attention is when you said he died with his shirt off.
Yes.
Okay.
Now, in 1971, Russell drowned in Lake Lovelace, which is less than a mile from here.
Oh.
He was 75 years old according to this article here.
So I was able to get a photo of this guy.
The only thing is it was when he was young.
So, you had seen him as an older man.
I don't know if...
This is what he looked like when he was in his younger days.
Now, is it possible this could be the guy you saw?
I had a sketch done of him.
Tell me what you think.
Take a look at who's terrorizing your family.
This one was the one I feel like I've seen.
They have a lot of similarities.
: So you guys are thinking you might have ran into this guy, Ditto.
No beard, though.
Yeah. I think it's him.
What do you think of these?
You know what?
The more I look at the photo, if you put a beard on him...
They look a lot...
...it's really close.
Very, very close.
He was a lawyer, well-respected.
So, Chelsea, now you know who's in your room.
I'm terrified, actually.
: All right. So those shadow people outside, you think they're his former slaves?
Yeah, I'm thinkin'.
I also think some of those people out there are the Native Americans.
Is this guy responsible for all their infighting, their animosity towards each other?
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Okay.
I think he's the master manipulator.
He's the one causing hallucinations, causing people to fight.
I think he's the major problem.
There's got to be some way I can reach into his... his world and take care of him.
: Well, guys, there's some good news here.
All the fighting, talk of divorce, it's not you.
Chelsea, all the stuff you been going through upstairs in your bedroom, you're not goin' nuts.
Now it's time to answer the question you brought us in for.
Can you live here safely, happily with your family like you always intended to do?
Well, for that answer, I'm gonna turn it over to Amy.
The first order of business is to remove this guy.
What I would like to see happen is a black, male medium needs to come in and remove him.
And this will be by force.
This isn't gonna be a pleasant experience, probably for either one, really.
This would then be followed by that same medium working with the dead slaves to move them on.
I think that once he's gotten rid of this jerk, most, if not all, of the dead that are still here will move on themselves.
Then, once all of that's done, a Native American medicine man needs to come.
And what needs to be done then is all of you guys need to do a peace offering ritual.
This is to let the Native Americans know that you mean them no harm.
Once that's done, they're going to back off of you.
Okay, so if they do everything you say, and one year from now, we walk back in here, you think they'll be better?
Yeah. It'll be great.
Good. Good. Yeah.
Well, I'm relieved that I don't have to leave my dream home.
You saved more than a house.
You saved a family.
Yeah.
I'm ready to start fightin' it.
Yeah. He's not gonna win.
There's no way, no way. Unh-unh.
: Removing the old, dead man from this property won't be easy.
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
