: Oh, boy.
I feel like there's a man down here.
He came and he bumped me.
Like, you know, I felt it.
Punching, slapping, kicking. He's a bully.
So, it's still an open case?
Yes. It's an unsolved murder.
I'm gonna [bleep] kill you.
I've been through a lot in this house.
He's kinda freaked out.
They're everywhere.
: He's disgusting and nasty.
There's a dark presence.
My name is Amy Allan.
These things, they're freaking out.
They're from hell.
I see dead people.
They were being hunted.
I speak to dead people...
They were setting people on fire, burning them alive.
...and they speak to me.
Her neck got broken.
But there's only one way to know if my findings are real.
And I hear a gunshot.
I rely on my partner.
I'm Steve Di Schiavi.
I'm a retired New York City homicide detective.
Somethin's not right here.
And I know every person, every house has secrets.
It's not safe here.
It's my job to reveal them.
Are any of them buried on the property?
They're all buried here.
But Steve and I never speak...
We never communicate during an investigation...
...until the very end.
I can't do it no more.
When we uncover if it's safe for you to stay...
Holy [Bleep]. Look at this.
Or time to get out.
It does not have a happy ending.
Something kills people here.
I'm in the small town of Canton, Illinois.
It's between Chicago and St. Louis.
Now, I got a call from a woman who said she's at her breaking point.
Her 7-year-old is so traumatized, he won't go anywhere alone in the house.
She's says it's gotten physical, and she's afraid he's gonna get hurt.
She's beggin' us for help.
: Before Amy arrives, I look for anything that could influence her findings.
This home is covered with family photos and spiritual items that I need to remove.
When I'm done, the location will be ready for tonight's walk.
In... in my opening, I saw two of these big trees...
[Thunderclap]
...and five shadow men hanging from them.
There's something that's, like, right outside here that is so bad.
Like, there is this dark wall of energy around this place because of whatever happened to these five people, and they're creating this, like, cloud of sadness.
And they're creepy.
: When you and I spoke the phone, uh, you sounded like a young mom at her wit's end.
Let's start. What the hell's goin' on?
Um, I'm really worried about my 7-year-old son, Layne.
Things have been happening in the house with him.
Where he can't even sleep in his room without, you know, four night-lights.
I can tell, like, most of the time, Layne don't wanna be home 'cause he's terrified.
Is everybody in the house having experiences?
Yes.
Okay, like what?
There's banging going on, um, things moving.
Uh, we have seen apparitions, shadow figures, and it has been physical.
So, who exactly is living in the house?
Um, my husband, Mike...
Okay.
My son, Layne, and my daughter, Hannelore.
Layne is 7, and Hannelore is about a year-and-a-half.
I'm worried that Hannelore is starting to experience the same things that Layne is experiencing.
She'll point that the window and say, "Uh-oh," and... and kinda make a... like, a whining noise like she's scared.
Now, you had mentioned that Layne is gettin' the worst of it.
Yes. He gets upset.
He hyperventilates when he sees things.
Here's, um, a picture that he drew, and he said it was the devil that he's seen in his room.
He's got more pictures right here.
This poor kid.
He sees things that normal 7-year-olds don't see.
One of the reasons I did take this case was because a child was getting affected.
Why do you think Layne's being affected so much?
I feel like they like him.
They gravitate towards him.
I mean, he says, "What do they want? I want them gone."
And then I'm... I don't know what to tell him.
I just want all of us to be free and happy and not scared to be here.
I don't know how much more I can take.
Okay.
I'm thinking that there is a dead person here who is capable or wants to inflict physical pain on people, or illness, uh, on living people.
[Humming]
It's, like, in this room that I'm gettin' the big pull from him.
This is where he retreated to, which kinda makes me nervous 'cause it seems like it's a child's room, so that's kind of unnerving.
I'm getting, like, this 20-year-old male.
This dead guy, he looks big. He's a bully.
He can bully, um, you know, weak people, vulnerable people.
He's angry. He's very, very, very angry, and that does not bode well for whoever might be in here.
So what's goin' on in here?
Um, I've seen shadow figures, um, when I'm laying on the bed.
Um, I have one that was in my face.
I can feel them, on me, in my face.
Like, watching me.
You just said "them."
Yeah.
Is there more than one?
I did see another one at a different time, and it was at the end of the bed.
Okay.
And it was tall, and it was, like, just standing there, watching me.
Okay. Anything else?
In the bathroom, it was late.
I got in the shower, and I felt like something was watching me.
And it was, um, it made me feel, like, violated, like, disgusted.
I was disgusted.
I opened the curtain, and I was like, "Get out!"
I knew it was there, and as soon as I said that, I felt, like, "Okay, now I can at least take a shower."
So, you felt like a Peepin' Tom or something?
Yes, definitely.
Okay.
I see, like, a woman with long hair.
And this is a living person.
And then, like, that guy.
This guy is dead, and he's making moves on a living woman.
This person, it's like she's not herself.
She's anxious and restless.
She's, like, pacing.
She's having, like, these, like, weird, intrusive thoughts.
Like, she wants to run away.
She wants to leave this life.
I-I mean, I think it might be this male who's, like, influencing her, but she's fighting it, like, all the time.
And that's, like, the restlessness and the pacing and the can't sleep and, like, the, you know, trying to, like, relax and, like, focus.
He's, like, freaking out now that I'm talking about it.
He doesn't like it. He's getting really anxious and really upset and he's just, like...
Ow.
My neck and my head.
I hate being down here.
It definitely creeps me out to be here.
Okay. Why?
When I have to come down here and do laundry, I always feel like somebody is watching me.
I feel like it's a man.
Is it the same feeling you get in the bathroom?
Yes. Exact same feeling.
Every time I come down here, I have the exact same feeling.
Do you feel it right this second while you're in front of me?
Yes.
Now, where are you feelin' it?
Right there.
Okay.
Recently he, um, came and he bumped me to get my attention.
Like, he definitely wanted me to feel him.
Do it to me.
So it was like... that.
Okay, so it was pretty significant.
So it was, like... It, like, you know, I felt it.
I know you're a mom. You gotta do laundry.
But how the hell do you come down here every day?
I mean, I hate coming down here.
I feel like I'm a prisoner in my own home.
: I feel like there's a man down here.
Very, uh, aggressive male down here.
Mm.
He was an older male, uh, probably, like, 50s, maybe?
And he's a big guy. Like, he's kinda chubby.
I don't know how they would see him, but I think they could see something.
He can be very aggressive towards the living, 'cause this is very much his [bleep] space.
What does he do to them?
He likes to trip people a lot.
Like, he'll kneel down and wait and then grab them.
He, like, rushes them.
I think they'll see something, like, barreling towards them, right up on them.
He's just disgusting and nasty.
I don't like him.
So, Mike, it looks like you're doing renovations, obviously.
Yeah. Okay, so how long you... this been going on?
Almost 5 years.
Five years?
Yes.
It takes so long 'cause I'm uncomfortable up here.
It really bothers me.
What about your experiences? What's goin' on?
In the basement, we have an old coal room down there, and when I was putting together the pool table, I looked over and seen an old man starin' at me through a plate glass window.
Inside the coal room?
Inside the coal room, you know, just looking out.
I probably sat there for 5... 5 minutes, just lookin' back.
You know, your wife felt something watching her from that window, too.
So describe what the old man looked like.
All I seen was his shoulders and his face, and he just looked old and his face was just wrinkly.
It freaked me out so much that the next day, I went down with a can of spray paint, and I spray painted that window black.
Okay. Anything else?
Whenever I'm up here workin', overwhelming feeling somebody's standin' right there in the doorway watchin' me.
I cannot stop lookin' over my shoulder to see what's there, but there's never anything there.
You gettin' that feeling right now?
Yeah. You do?
And is it... I've got a feeling that somebody's standing right there, watching me.
Okay.
: Oh, boy.
I don't like in there though.
It's terrible. It's terrible energy.
Okay, so there's this old woman.
She's, like, talking about, uh, somethin' up here, somebody.
She does not like him.
Would the living be affected by this in any way?
I would think yeah, maybe feeling oppression.
Maybe, like, an oppressive anxiety?
And they feel her watching them.
I don't like it in here.
She would make the living feel sick.
They would have, like, intestinal issues.
I don't like her. I don't really want to talk to her.
She's like, "I'm gonna [bleep] kill you!"
: How old are you now, Layne?
7.
Okay.
I was talkin' to Mommy, and she was telling was telling me that, uh, some of the things that are happening in the house make you afraid.
Yes.
Tell me about some of the stuff you've seen.
I hear children laughing, a boy and a girl.
And there was a guy right there.
He was a black mass.
There was an angel there.
I saw floating dolls.
They had stitch-up eyes and it was really creepy.
You know, I can believe what I'm hearing.
This kid is firing off experience after experience to the point where I can barely keep up.
I saw a black figure in the bathroom.
It was, like, crunched down like this, and it was pretty creepy.
Either Layne has an overactive imagination or he's seen way too much, way too young.
I saw the devil.
Okay, where'd you see the devil?
Right here.
Okay. Tell me about that.
He had horns.
What about his face?
Red. Red.
And he had black hair.
He was, like, smiling so freaky at me.
Okay. Is that the one you drew the picture for, for Mommy?
Yes.
How do you know it's the devil?
I know it's the devil.
I don't know why, but I know it's evil.
How do you know all this? You seem pretty smart.
Thank you. 'Cause I'm just kind of open.
Okay, so what do you think these things your seeing want?
They probably want to go to the light so they can go to heaven.
So, do you think that when people are bad in life, they go down?
Yes.
Okay.
And when you're a good guy or a good girl you up?
Up.
Yep.
Okay. You're a good guy.
Thank you.
Okay.
You are, too.
Thank you.
Appreciate that. All right.
So it sounds like this stuff is scaring you in the house.
You don't want to be here alone, I understand?
Yeah, I've been through a lot in this house.
They're everywhere.
: I'm seeing the younger dead guy again.
This 20-year-old, he's squatting down in the closet.
So I think, like, he might be afraid of me a little bit.
He feels like he can't hurt me, so he's, like, kind of freaked out.
And he takes his finger and he's, like...
[Scratching wooden door]
...doing this kind of stuff.
And he's, like, laughing 'cause he knows it's disturbing.
So, the people hear that?
Yes.
It's like a spooky, creepy elf.
And he's got, like, sharp teeth, you know, um, and long nails.
What does he do?
He wants to physically harm... punching, slapping, kicking, or make them sick.
He can hurt vulnerable people.
This is pretty... pretty serious.
: Mike and Angie didn't know much about the history of their property, so I'm at the local library to see what I can dig up.
Searching through old records, I find a brutal rape and murder of an 8-year-old girl.
Turns out this sick, twisted crime happened less than a mile from my client's house.
I'm on my way to meet with a criminal defense attorney who says the case remains a mystery to this day.
The 8-year-old girl that was murdered right near my client's property, what'd you find out about it?
It was November 1955.
Janice May went missing from her house.
Her two brothers went lookin' for her.
Uh, the family dog led them to the rail road tracks, and next to the rail road tracks there was some abandoned mining cars.
There, the brothers found their sister shoved underneath one of the cars. Oh, you're kiddin' me.
She had a terrible skull fracture on the right side of her face.
Okay.
There was a concrete block sitting next to her with blood on it.
She was half-nude.
It was determined she was sexually assaulted.
Did the police make an arrest?
The police interviewed about 30 different suspects.
Ultimately, they focused on Lloyd Miller, a local taxi cab driver.
It turned out that right after this crime, he quickly fled town.
They found Lloyd Miller in a town 150 miles from Canton.
He was at a bus station, trying to get a bus ticket to go to Detroit.
They brought him in for questioning.
Miller denied involvement but after several days of interrogation, he ultimately confessed.
What do we know about this guy?
At this time, he was 29 years old.
Miller completed the first two years of high school, but then he was drafted in the military.
He served in Italy durin' World War II.
After he was discharged, he came back to the States.
And his dream was to become an auto mechanic in Detroit.
But he hopped around job to job.
He ultimately joined the Coast Guard, also the Army.
But he went AWOL three separate times.
He was sent to the stockade each time.
Wow.
He also got in trouble in California.
For what? Uh, he and a friend stole a car.
He ended up spending 7 months in a prison farm.
So this guy's all over the map.
He was somewhat unpredictable and impulsive.
He got married four times, and a couple of these marriages to women he had only met for the past few days.
Who the hell does that?
Sounds like a bit of a whack job.
This 20-year-old, he doesn't like to think about his life 'cause it was not good.
It was very bad.
He was a real tough guy.
He was a bully when he was alive.
He got... I think he got thrown out of school.
He was in and out of prison.
And he hated his [bleep] mother.
Wow. Like, real, like, [bleep] hate.
I'm seeing like a garage...
[Electricity crackles]
...and, like, wrenches and, um, oil.
I wanna say he worked on cars or something like this.
He's freakin' out.
All right, so how'd the trial go?
The jury convicted him, and a judge sentenced him to death by the electric chair.
He had seven different execution dates.
So, Dale, I noticed it went to the Supreme Court.
Do we know why?
The defense team, throughout these 10 years of appeals, started dismantling the state's case.
The so-called confession that Miller signed, he never wrote it.
It was written by the police officers.
In February 1967, the United States Supreme Court overturned the conviction.
And in March 20th, 1967, Miller walked out of death row a free man.
Do we know what happens to him?
He moved to Mexico.
He got remarried, again.
[Chuckles]
Uh, he ended up writing a book about his ordeals here.
Um, he ultimately became a minister.
Do we know if this guy's still alive today?
No, he's not. He died in 2013 in Reading, Pennsylvania, at the age of 86.
Did cops back then ever look into this case again and look at anybody else, question anybody else about it?
Not that we could tell.
So it's still an open case?
Yes, it's an unsolved murder.
If you need us to investigate unexplained activity in your home, go to the "Dead Files" page at travelchannel.com.
Click on "Help Me, Dead Files!" to submit your story, and we'll help if we can.
: During my research, I came across several families who used to own my client's land.
Now one family, the Barrys, stood out.
Three of them died right on the property.
I'm on my way to meet with a genealogist who says this family suffered from illness, depression, and madness.
So, Julie, thanks for helpin' me out with my case.
The Barry family... what can you tell me about them?
Bernard and his wife, Mary, um, were both Irish immigrants who came over to the U.S. in the 1850s during the potato famine.
Okay.
Bernard and his wife, Mary, purchased the property in 1890.
Who moved there with them?
A daughter, Maryann, who was 30.
And then their youngest daughter, Francis, who was 15.
Now I know there was deaths associated with family on the property.
What'd you find out?
Well, the first one occurred in 1915, and that was Mary, the wife.
Okay. Have her obituary here.
She became ill and suffered for nearly a year until she contracted pneumonia and lived with that painfully for 5 days, uh, before she finally passed.
I have a copy of her death certificate here which lists pneumonia as the 'cause of death.
Oh, she was 82?
Yeah.
And you know, my mother suffered same age from emphysema and wound up dyin' from pneumonia.
And that's a miserable...
Yes.
...way of life.
I'm seeing that angry older woman again.
She kinda looks like an older Irish lady.
I hear, like, "Mabel."
I think she was, like, 70 when she died.
I think she's got, like, cancer or something.
This is what she dies from.
And this is, like, a long time ago.
I would say this is, like, '20s, '30s?
And the guy's, like, big.
Her husband's, like, a big guy.
They didn't have a good marriage.
And it was the woman, this little woman who would... you know, I think she beat the [bleep] out of her husband all the time.
Like, pretty bad.
This is strange.
Mary's death certificate lists her son, Bernard Jr., as the informant.
Yes, we know that Bernard Sr., uh, was suffering from dementia when he died.
So it's quite possible that his son was the informant on the death certificate because he might've started to show signs of dementia at this point.
Okay, so now that Mary's dead, who's taking care of Bernard?
Their daughter, Maryann, she's the primary caregiver for her father, who's probably continuing on in his dementia.
At some point, she gets extremely depressed and she starves herself, um, and dies as a result.
She starved herself to death?
Yes.
We have a copy of her death certificate here.
She was 56.
And you'll notice that they do list a contributing factor of melancholia.
So what happens to the dad?
By 1926, his suffering finally ends.
Okay, he...
He passes away on the property.
Okay, so what's the official cause of death for him?
Well, his death certificate lists heart failure with a contributing factor of senility.
Another thing caught my eye in research.
It was a deadly factory explosion down the block from Michael and Angie's house.
I reached out to a historian who said it was one of the biggest tragedies in the town's history.
So I gotta assume this is where the factory was?
That's right. This was, uh, the location of the Parlin Orendorff manufacturing company.
Okay. What did they manufacture?
Well, mostly farm products and especially the steel plow, which was so important to the evolution of farming in the Midwest.
This is a picture of how the plant looked at its very best.
Okay, so the day of the explosion, what happened?
It was December 18, 1882.
7:00 in the morning, the first shift had just gone on the job.
7:10, this tremendous explosion occurs.
Debris is shot up into the air all over town.
It falls in peoples' yards.
Many people thought there had been an earthquake.
Uh, buildings shook, windows rattled, people ran out of their houses to try to find out what was going on.
What had happened was that three of the boilers, which were used to generate steam which powered the equipment in the plant, had exploded.
The building came down on the workers, fell down on them, and a fire was started.
Some of the employees who had escaped the explosion tried to go in and see if they could save some people.
Right.
Well, they got in and found six people dead right at their workstation.
Ah.
And the interesting thing about that was they died in a position which suggests they had no idea that an explosion was about to happen.
They did find four people who were still living and they carried them out.
Three of those died.
So the number of people killed in the explosion was nine people killed.
Nine people killed.
Yeah.
And six right at their stations?
That's right. Six never moved.
[Whistles] Yeah. Right.
People must've been like, "What the hell was that?"
Oh, absolutely.
People from all over town were... they were just so startled by this, that it... they were running to the plant to find out about what's...
And it so dominated the... the economy, the area.
Right.
Everybody was concerned about it, yeah.
I feel, like, disoriented.
I am seeing people coming this way towards the house from... the dirt driveway from this direction.
Any idea when this was?
Like, the '20s or '30s.
I do here, like, a lot of yelling and stuff.
There's a lot of commotion, uh, going on. Like, angry.
Everybody's just agitated and pissed off.
It's all crazy.
I saw several dead people during my walk, but the 20-year-old bully concerned me the most.
He's white.
His face shape was more squared.
And he had a weird-kinda look.
Next, I described how he torments the living.
He's in the closet and he's, like, scratching his finger down the closet door.
And it's just, like, a black hole.
In the room, there's a kid being freaked out.
Amy, is this what you saw?
Yes, that's what I saw.
: Now that Amy and I have completed our investigations, we're ready to reveal our findings to each other and our clients for the first time.
Amy, I'd like you to meet Mike and Angie.
They're a great, down-to-Earth couple, uh, who are going through a hell of a time in this house.
But this is the reason I took this case.
This is their son, Layne.
Now Layne is 7, and he's basically scared to death in his own house.
The activity here is ruining his childhood.
And they're worried now that even their daughter, Hannelore, is startin' to have these experiences.
Mike and Angie don't know how to protect their kids, and they're desperate for help.
So now that Amy knows a little bit about your family dynamics, I'll have her describe her walk for us.
There's several conscious entities who are very active here.
The first one was an elderly woman who has major anger control issues.
And I encountered her upstairs.
Her energy is really horrendous.
The living would feel her stress and her fear and this oppressive anxiety.
And she's always watching.
Uh, that's her big thing. You know, Amy, you might've noticed the upstairs is under construction.
Mike's been tryin' to turn it into a master bedroom.
Why don't you explain to Amy why it's not finished?
That is almost a 5-year-long project.
When I'm up there, I have so much bad feelings, I just can't get any work done up there.
It's like somebody's just sittin' there, starin' right at me.
It freaks the hell outta me.
So this old, cranky woman... any idea who she might've been?
She lived here with her husband.
They had a terrible marriage.
[Whispers] Oh, my.
Yeah. And he was, like, a big guy, and she was really short.
She was, like, 5 feet tall.
I think she was from Ireland.
I got the name Mabel.
She was in her 70s when she died, and I think it was cancer.
It's a long shot, but one of the original owners on the property was an Irish woman.
Her name wasn't Mabel, but it was Mary.
Mary Barry was her name.
She and her husband, Bernard, moved onto the property in 1890.
They were older when they moved here.
They were both in their 50s.
But the husband, Bernard, started to lose his mind.
He started havin' dementia.
Mary may have had a hard time takin' care of him.
In 1915, Mary came down with terrible illness.
The official cause of death is pneumonia.
Now the woman you saw, you said might've died in her 70s.
Uh, Mary Barry was 82 when she died.
Okay.
Now she had a daughter who died a horrible death on the property as well, only 3 years later.
Mm. Her name was Maryann.
She was takin' care of her dad, and she got extremely depressed and she starved herself to death.
Now Bernard stayed on the property and he sank deeper and deeper into this illness.
And he died about 10 years later.
Now, could Mary be the woman you saw?
'Cause you said she was a housewife and Irish.
I believe so, yes.
Okay.
I do. Could she be the reason Mike's so uncomfortable on the second floor?
Yeah.
The other thing is, you're kinda the same, like, build and height as her husband.
So I wonder if she's...
Confusing me with him?
Yeah.
What else did you see on the walk?
So then I came down here.
I did not like it.
I felt, like, very dizzy.
And then I saw this little man down here.
He was chubby. He was in his 50s.
And his favorite area is over in the corner over there.
He likes that.
He can get very aggressive with the living when they come down here.
You'll actually kinda feel him, like, barreling towards you, invading your space.
And he also does shove and push.
Tell her the story about the old man you saw.
I was down here putting together the pool table, and I just happened to look up.
All I could see was his shoulders and his face in that window.
And I sat here, petrified, for about 5 minutes, just, "Am I seein' what I'm seein'?"
And the reason that window's black is 'cause I painted it black.
Oh, [Bleep].
Yeah.
I feel like he's, like, right here, creeping on me.
: Tell her about when you got bumped.
I was down her doin' laundry, I was folding it.
Um, all of a sudden from the back, he, like, bumped into me.
Mm.
Like, you can feel it.
I'm thinkin' you're seein' her husband.
The husband with dementia?
Yeah.
I wonder if this guy's watchin' you now.
Without a doubt.
He's always there.
We're not gonna provoke him.
: So what else did you see?
Uh, went into the yellow room...
Which is Layne's room.
And, uh, I saw a dead 20-year-old.
He's a bully, and he likes to prey on the weak and the vulnerable.
The thing about him, he can take different forms.
So, like, I saw him acting like a creepy elf.
He has, like, the pointed ears, sharp teeth, long nails.
[Sighs heavily]
And his eyes can get really, you know, he'll make 'em dark and evil-looking.
He can cause illness, but what he would prefer to do is punch or kick or slap.
He wants to be physical with this person.
Well, that's why we're here.
Layne and I spoke for a long time, and he had too many experiences to go through.
When you mentioned this elf-like creature, Angie, tell Amy how Layne describes how he sees the devil.
He hyperventilated.
Like, he couldn't even talk about what he'd seen.
He'd explain it like he's holding onto his toy chest and, like... like smiling, like, "Yeah, I'm gonna getcha."
Like, to scare him.
It breaks my heart to look at this, but this is what he says he sees.
Wow.
And he said to me, it's the devil.
I had a sketch done of what I saw goin' on in the room.
Oh, this poor kid.
[Whispers] Oh, my God.
Sorry.
[Crying]
Sorry.
It's just not fair, you know? [Sniffles]
That it scares him, and I can't protect him.
Now Layne told me that he thinks he's open.
Yes.
Yeah.
Really?
He talks like he's 40.
And it scares kids away.
I got a message from a parent saying that they just don't want their child to hang out with Layne.
Him sounding like a 40-year-old is pretty common with sensitives 'cause basically, they've really been surrounded by subject matter that is way beyond their years.
The dead come and they show and tell you their entire life story...
Whoa.
...before they can move on.
: So we think Layne's a medium.
Yeah.
[Sniffles]
I then followed the dead guy into the master bedroom.
I saw him with a living woman and I saw the dead man being sexually inappropriate with her, maybe putting sexual thoughts into her mind.
In the bathroom, uh, if I take showers late at night, there's definitely a male in there, to the point where it was after midnight and I yelled, "Get out!"
I also felt this guy would make this living woman feel restless and anxious, and I saw her pacing around.
And she's having weird, intrusive thoughts, like she wants to run away and leave this life.
I do have, um, restless nights, lots of restless nights.
Okay.
Do you have any idea who this guy might have been in life?
I know he had a very bad life, very rough life.
I got that he was from the '30s and the '40s.
Uh, a bully in life, just like he is in death, and he either dropped out of school or was kicked out.
I wasn't sure I got the whole story on that.
Um, he was in and out of prisons.
And I saw him with oil and wrenches and in a garage, so I think he worked on cars as well.
That was like, his... his thing.
Uh, and I'm not sure when or how he died.
You said the guy was in and out of prison, high school dropout, worked on cars.
So I do have one guy in my research that fits that bill.
In 1955, there was an 8-year-old girl named Janice May who was found beaten and sexually assaulted 4,000 feet from your property.
I got a photo of her here.
She was unconscious but alive, taken to the hospital, and died an hour later.
They ended up arresting a 29-year-old male by the name of Lloyd Miller, who was a taxi driver in town.
I got a picture of this guy right here.
Oh, [Bleep].
Now, this guy sounds a lot like the guy you met in Layne's room.
He was a high school dropout, he was in the Coast Guard and the Army, but went AWOL three separate times.
In his early 20s, he stole a car in California and spent 7 months in a prison farm.
His dream was to work as an auto mechanic in Detroit, but he drifted from job to job, mostly as a laborer.
After the murder, they found him 150 miles away on his way to Detroit, and they arrested him.
After 2 days of interrogation, he confessed to the murder.
Now later on, he recanted and said he was coerced into this confession, but he was convicted and sentenced to the electric chair.
Now eventually, it was found that the prosecution fudged some of the evidence.
In 1967, the Supreme Court overturned his conviction.
He was a free man.
He wind out moving to Mexico, got married, and became a minister.
Are you freaking kidding me?
No.
He came back to the States and he died in Reading, Pennsylvania, in 2013 at the age of 86.
[Whispers] Oh, my gosh.
Wow.
: All right, now do you think this guy could be Miller?
I had a sketch done of him, so...
All right. [Sighs]
Well, he's 29 in this photo.
Wow.
Take a look at this.
Oh.
: Whoa.
Like... to me, it's identical. Like, the nose, the lips...
: The... the nose and the lips is...
The eyebrows.
So this son of a [bleep]
Is the one acting like a devil to a 7-year-old?
Yes.
This guy totally did this.
I want to grab the son of a [bleep]
By his [bleep] throat right now.
I'm really pissed off.
It's on.
So this son of a [bleep]
Is the one acting like a devil to a 7-year-old?
Yes.
This guy totally did this.
I want to grab the son of a [bleep]
By his [bleep] throat right now.
I'm really pissed off.
It's on.
: So why is this dirt bag here?
When he died, he came right back to his favorite memory and his happiest moment, which would be killing that child.
And then you guys moved in.
And he's drawn to Layne because of his abilities.
And then the sexual thing is coming out, unfortunately, in... in your direction.
[Crickets chirping]
So, Mike and Angie, when we spoke, you guys told me family comes first and you'd do anything to protect your kids.
Now I'm gonna find out exactly what that's gonna take, and for that, I'm gonna turn it over to Amy.
The main person I want involved is to be a male who's a medium.
And I want this male to be a pretty tough cookie.
I want him to then deal with the elderly female.
This is going to be a process, and it's probably not gonna be a pleasant one for him because he does need to be aggressive with her.
Once she goes, her husband'll go.
Then I want him to come back with a demonologist to get rid of him.
And I don't think he has any intentions of moving on because he is perfectly happy where he is.
That's when the demonologist is going to take over, and that person will perform an exorcism of the location.
And they will remove him and send him on his way.
So once all that's taken care of, I want you to buy a lock and put it on Layne's closet door.
Putting it on will give him a sense of empowerment, where he's taking control of the situation and he's locking them in there and away from him so they can't invade his space.
The other thing is, is I'll be sending you some guided meditations.
And these guided mediations are very simple and they are for balancing, grounding, and protection.
He needs to integrate these into... into his life.
Will he ever have a normal childhood, or is this gonna be something he's gonna have to deal with?
Well, yeah, he's gonna have to deal with it, like, his whole life.
Now Hannelore, you consider her somebody that's gonna have abilities, or is she just open because of her age?
Right now, it's just because of her age.
When might they find out when If she's gonna be like Layne?
Between 5 and 8.
At least we'll know how to handle it, you know, with her, doing it with him.
Sounds like a little bit of work, but I'm on it.
And this solution is gonna help them both.
Are you gonna take Amy's advice?
Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
No doubts.
: Okay.
Mm-hmm.
: I really hope Mike and Angie follow my advice and contact a male medium and demonologist to remove the dead terrorizing their family. 
Once they're gone, Layne can learn to manage his abilities, and this family will find the peace they've been searching for.
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
