In the wake of the Civil War, the country is in turmoil. The South is rising up again, led by ex-Confederate soldiers like Jesse James...
I'm gonna make this right.
Everything in your vault.
Get the men ready.
I wanna hit them with everything we've got.
Hup. Hyah!
(gunfire)
(people shouting)
Hyah!
(horse whinnies)
Hyah!
: Custer splits his command up into four battalions.
He wants to encircle this village and make sure there's no possibility of escape.
: In the press, the attack is hailed as the first significant American victory in the Indian Wars and gives Custer the glory he's been after since the Civil War.
: For Custer, it was another great victory. It assur his place as the premier Indian fighter in the United States and made him famous once again.
(groans)
(Native Americans whooping)
(men shouting)
(gunfire)
In hindsight, I don't think the Indian Wars could have been avoided, because in those days you settle scores with fighting.
 and the Indians were great warriors, too.
: Grant was a very reluctant political candidate.
People who wanted him to run would say, "General Grant, if you don't run, then the victories that your soldiers won at such cost on the battlefield 
Only you can bring this country back together again."
Our reports indicate around 1,000 Indian lodges...
What's going through the heads of Americans in dealing with the Native Americans in the 1860s 
Here is a man who is actually disgusted by war, but there are lots of forces within his own beloved army, 
 who are pushing the policy of "Let's get rid of them."
Any Indian who reports to the reservation will be fed, clothed, and educated.
All due respect, sir, many of them don't want that.
A good number will be more receptive than you think.
They will be taught to farm.
They will learn Western culture.
And those that don't report?
Do we consider them hostiles?
No, we don't.
I didn't say it was going to be easy.
Nothing worth having is.
So instead of driving the Indians off of all of the land, instead of exterminating the Indians as many people of Grant's day advocated, 
Territory for their uses and not for settlers.
Settlers are going to have to stay off that."
: In the Great Plains, nearly 40,000 square miles of land are reserved for the Lakota Sioux... roughly the size of the state of Ohio. And the US government makes a promise to never interfere with the new Indian territory. Many Indians agree to the peace treaty and move onto the reservations. But some, like Lakota warrior Crazy Horse, refuse to give up their way of life.
: If you're a nomadic hunter and you're moving and you take away that chance to move, you can imagine it's the beginning of the end for you.
And I imagine they saw that coming, and they had to fight against it.
I don't blame them.
: Sitting Bull was known both as a great spiritual guide and also someone who had tremendous success during warfare, and he was much older, at least probably a decade older than Crazy Horse, and in many respects better established.
(crickets chirping)
: While thousands of other Indians continue to live on reservations, Sitting Bull, Crazy Horse, and their followers refuse. But they also agree not to fight, and a fragile peace is established.
(screeching)
: President Grant has made peace with the Indians... allowing the country to move forward with its plan of settling the West.
Sir, here's the latest track map.
We build north to Columbus, then south to Grand Island, and then we go out the North Platte route when we can no longer reasonably delay that.
But, sir, that would add hundreds of miles of unnecessary track.
The government pays us for each mile of track we complete.
Why would we design a shorter route?
Well, sir...
Get it done.
Yes, sir.
: A guy like Durant, he's facing off against other railroad barons, guys who didn't think twice about cutting a corner here in order to put your nose in the dirt.
 your competition was, and they were going to kill you.
If you want me to start working them 12 hours a day, I can do that.
I think that would probably help us catch up.
We are over budget and we're out of time.
Get to work.
: The Transcontinental Railroad was the biggest public works project of its time.
Probably the biggest public works project of the 19th century.
: There are plenty of festivities planned to help celebrate this grand joining of east and west, the first transcontinental railroad in the entire world.
How much is the golden spike worth?
(laughs) Next thing I know, you'll be wanting to pry it right out of the tracks, right?
Mr. Durant.
Ahem.
Henceforth, there shall be but one Pacific Railroad.
(applause)
It's not unlike men walking on the moon a century later.
: "To His Excellency General U.S. Grant, President of the United States, we have the honor to report the last rail is laid, the last spike is driven, the Pacific Railroad is finished."
Congratulations!
(laughter)
The Union Pacific, gentlemen!
(chatter)
: For many years, the concept of frontier in America has really been that of a line moving westward.
But what the railroads did is they obliterated that line.
 and civilization was filling in the blank spots on the map 
: As settlers flock west, an economic boom follows. And big business in the East begins investing in the West.
: This was the way you built an economy.
It meant that there were new outlets for investment.
There were new outlets for speculation.
There were more people that were going to make money from more railroads and from the economic spin-offs of railroads.
(train whistle blows)
I'm going to be here. Train's going to slow down.
That's going to give us plenty of time.
See how it comes around this bend here?
That's where we're going to hit it, okay?
: I think he was just angry about the way the country was coming together.
So he said, "To hell with it.
I'll just weaken you at the knees."
(whistle blows)
And they had horses.
So they could rob a train, then ride away.
(whistle blows)
Come on, boys, now. Put your back into it.
We got a schedule.
Watch your toes on that.
Now get those up in a nice big X up here.
(whistle blows)
(screeching)
We'll get this thing going as soon as we can.
(women scream)
Ladies and gentlemen, I apologize for the inconvenience.
If you will kindly present your valuables, we'll have you on your way in no time.
That's a nice watch.
Yes, it is. My daddy gave it to me.
Where you from?
Kentucky.
My daddy was from Kentucky.
He was a preacher.
Take care of that.
Thank you, sir.
Smile, girls.
That's a nice suit.
Hey, Frank, what do you think about this suit?
Boy don't look like he's from around here.
Where you from?
New York City?
What's that?
G-A-R.
That's the Grand Army of the Republic.
You know, I have a Union bullet in my lung.
Jesse, we got what we need. Let's be on our way now.
The war is over.
Jesse.
No, it's not.
(horse whinnies)
But while many fear Jesse James... one man sees his crime spree as an opportunity... Missouri newspaper editor John Newman Edwards.
: John Newman Edwards was probably the most hardcore of Confederates, 
 disenfranchised by the North.
(horse whinnies)
Drink?
To the Confederacy.
I was a soldier, too, you know...
What is it you want?
I wanna know why you robbed that train.
Not for a soldier who wore gray.
Jesse, you don't have to be a common criminal running from the law.
I can make you a hero.
I don't need you to make me anything.
It's about more than just you, Jesse.
The Southern spirit, it still lives.
The people who read my paper, they believe.
But they want someone to believe in.
Someone like you.
The South needs you.
Now that you put it that way...
(whistle blows)
: It's impossible to talk about Jesse James without talking about John Newman Edwards, who really just becomes Jesse James' publicist and is the one who manufactures the myth 
 justifying these criminal acts.
(gunfire)
There was a love affair with people that stood up for themselves 
: With Jesse James and other outlaws like him terrorizing the railroads...
Come on, let's go. Let's go.
: President Grant is dealing with a growing outlaw problem that interferes with western expansion. But now he's about to face an even greater threat.
(bell ringing)
: "Julesburg cut denied.
Propose reinforcement of existing structure.
Authorize expenditure of no more than $7,500."
Did you see this?
This morning's "New York Sun."
How much do they know?
: An investigation finds that Thomas Durant, the head of the Union Pacific and the hero of the Transcontinental Railroad, has been stealing millions of dollars from the US government. Durant has been taking advantage of the government's offer to fund railroad construction by drastically overcharging for supplies and labor. He's pocketed $16.5 million of taxpayer money, all the while paying off politicians to look the other way.
: The railroads were being funded through these financial schemes that were made possible by not only no regulations, but members of Congress who were actually in on the schemes, 
The American public is furious.
Your Honor, I have here receipts showing that the cost of construction 
Mr. Durant, I ask you, what happened to the rest of the money?
We have a right to make a reasonable profit.
A reasonable amount? 100% is a reasonable amount?
Well, who is to define what is reasonable and what is not reasonable?
 that you've made a profit of over 100%, with no records of where that money is.
So I ask you again, where is the money, Mr. Durant?
: Everyone is so excited about pouring money into railroads, but when the scandal breaks on the scene, suddenly railroads don't look too good.
It's really not unlike the dot-com bubble of the late 1990s.
: One-third of the country's 360 railroad companies go bankrupt, sending the economy into a tailspin. It's the crisis that comes to be known as the Panic of 1873.
The Panic of 1873 resulted from overexpansion in railroads, 
The financial panic spread to the broader economy.
: I think there was a sense of desperation. Conditions were very harsh, and the promises made by the railroad companies 
: As his first term nears its end, President Grant is desperate to pull America out of the crisis.
(men chattering)
: The Treasury has given and given and given, right?
What is it?
Gold.
Mr. President.
Have a seat.
There are rumors of gold in the Black Hills.
We need you to take a small team of miners... and find out if these rumors are true.
 where it's located, and then directly report back to us.
Report to us and only us.
Is that clear?
Yes, Mr. President.
: Custer is seeing himself as a man who's got this opportunity.
 by getting this mother lode of gold that could be bigger than the California Gold Rush.
: "Our initial survey suggests significant deposits in the eastern Black Hills, and I expect in the next several days we will find more gold than this country has ever seen.
Triumphantly Yours, Lieutenant Colonel George Armstrong Custer."
Yes, sir.
And send a copy of it to James Gordon Bennett at the "New York Herald."
Sir?
You have your orders.
Yes, sir.
The country was in the midst of a very, very deep depression, 
: When news of the discovery spreads, thousands of miners flood the Black Hills, a direct violation of the terms of the peace treaty.
: Damn Custer.
He has got us in a hell of a spot.
Now I'm supposed to throw it all away over gold.
Perhaps, sir, it's not Custer that's truly the issue here.
It really is.
But right now our own people are starving.
 but chose not to?
Let's take advantage of these gifts that God has placed there, hidden them from the Indians."
: Grant has to decide how far he's willing to go to keep peace with the Indians.
: As President Grant deals with a crippling economic depression and a brewing conflict with the Indians... 900 miles away in Missouri, one man has found his own way of disrupting westward expansion.
How you feeling?
Hey, I ever tell you that joke about the pig and the cow?
Why don't you tell me that joke?
All right, then.
Cow came up to a pig on the train tracks, said, "Moo-ve over, you're hogging up the road."
(both laugh)
That is not a funny joke.
(distant train whistle blowing)
Ask me, this is my favorite part right here.
(whistle blowing)
We're about to make some money today, boy.
That's right.
(gunshot)
: The railroads do not want robbers stopping their train.
They don't want robbers terrifying their passengers.
 who said, "I don't care if it costs me $500.
I'm not riding a train through Missouri.
I'll go around through Iowa or Minnesota or whatever, but I'm not going to take a train through the state of Missouri."
It's going to require a massive commitment of personnel and resources 
You don't have a federal bureaucracy and law enforcement armed to protect business interests across state lines, and that is where private business comes in.
: Allan Pinkerton was part of the Union Intelligence Service during the Civil War.
He gained fame by preventing a supposed assassination plot 
: Following the war, Pinkerton moved to Chicago and opened the Pinkerton Detective Agency... pioneering modern investigative techniques and building massive dossiers on known criminals. With over 30,000 agents stationed across the country, Pinkerton commands a force larger than the US military. Now he has the biggest case in his company's history.
He's smart, ruthlessly violent, and good with a gun.
The b*st*rd was a Confederate guerilla during the war.
Lord knows how many Union soldiers he killed.
They need this man taken out of commission.
If you have any reservations at all... you should.
When do I leave?
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
