: Previously on "The Originals"...
: If this prophecy is fulfilled, you will all fall, one by friend, one by foe and one... by family.
This transformed me into something new.
My bite is lethal.
Don't be afraid.
You will find peace.
The Ancestors want you to kill me?
Eventually, I'll give in.
: Witch spirits can be brought back from the dead, so that is exactly what we are going to do.
To make Lucien killable, I will have to break the circle that protects Davina.
Freya, that will destroy her.
What happened?
The Ancestors got to her first.
: Where the bloody hell is she?!
(Davina screaming)
That's it, man. She's gone.
What happened to Davina, cannot go unanswered.
Same stuff that made Lucien.
I extracted it from Aurora's heart.
New Orleans is our home, Marcel, and it's time we took it back.
(Slow, mournful jazz playing)
: Say not in grief, that she is no more, but be thankful that she ever was... and though she was taken far too soon, may her enduring light show us a way through this darkness.
(Mournful jazz continues)
Let us mourn... because we cannot move on until we do... and though the pain may at times seem like more than we can bear... make no mistake... we will move on.
(Mournful jazz continues)
Yeah, even now the words of Ecclesiasticus are ringing in my ears.
They're saying, "Vengeance, as a lion, shall lie in wait for them."
A while ago... (Chuckles) forever ago, I told Davina a story about my first boyfriend... but what I didn't tell her was that...
I had never shared that story with anyone else.
She was like a sister and a best friend... and I loved her.
I wish th...
Uh...
(Sniffles)
(Voice breaking): I'm sorry.
I can't.
(Sniffling)
Words aren't any good.
The Mikaelsons need to answer for this.
I'm gonna make them answer.
(Quietly): I promise.
(Upbeat Dixieland jazz plays)
Okay, we can't run out of whiskey at an Irish wake.
It's, like, the one rule, okay?
Whiskey is important.
Whiskey's important.
I'm certain Camille would have appreciated all of this.
I hope so.
How is he?
Excuse me, don't I know you?
Sorry.
Uh, you just look so familiar.
I have one of those faces.
Did you know her well?
I did.
She was, uh... a very special girl.
There's no polite summation that will do her justice... but you're brave to try, and she would've admired that.
I haven't read anywhere how she died.
Do you know?
An accident.
Are you here in an official capacity, Officer?
No.
Just came to pay my respects.
Give him time.
Time will not bring Davina back.
The one chance to save her was ruined by us.
For our ends.
Marcel's anger is justified.
It's best I reach out to him before that anger hardens into something worse.
I didn't think anyone was here.
Did you think I'd be at Cami's wake?
You know what? It turns out, I hit my funeral quota for the day.
Davina's was this morning.
You remember her.
Love of my life, condemned to an unknowable hell.
And what's your excuse, Sister?
Were you so overcome with guilt at what you did, that you couldn't bring yourself to indulge in whiskey and finger food?
Or were you just too busy desecrating more dead?
Is this to be your hobby now?
When Lucien died, he was convinced the prophecy would still unfold.
I need to know if he was right.
These are the remains of his oracle Alexis.
Hers was a power I barely understood, but now that my own strength has been augmented by the Ancestors, I can try to channel her.
Forecast as she did, and find out if Lucien was right, or if we can finally put this nightmare behind us.
I personally hope the bloody prophecy is true.
You can all rot in Hell, for all I care.
I'm just sorry I won't be around to see it.
Where are you going?
None of your business.
All right? There is nothing for me here.
Kol... you know that's not true.
Your family...
Do not lecture me about family, sister, or not.
Now, you may have spent your entire life searching for us, but I never, for a second, wanted you.
: There's something strange going on in this city.
I can't put my finger on it, but I need to know what it is.
(Laughs)
: "And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall set you free."
Unless it don't.
It might just be that the truth is a curse, man.
Maybe you should be more careful what you wish for.
Yeah.
What happened to Cami?
She died, and there was nothing that could be done to stop it, and that's it.
People don't just die.
They get sick, or they get into an accident, or somebody kills them.
And all those things leave a trail.
And hospital records, ambulance dispatches, somebody calls 911.
But not this time.
Cami O'Connell is dead.
There isn't even a death certificate, or a coroner's report, or anything.
Anywhere.
Look, man, you think you want to know.
You do not want to know.
Vince, you've known me a long time.
I can handle the answers to my own questions.
If I get a feeling something's not right, I gotta do something.
I got that feeling now.
I'm not letting this go.
Okay.
Come on.
It's funny, you know, I missed out on the whole binge drinking thing in college, but, ah, guess I'm making up for it with the drowning my sorrows thing, so, cheers.
Hey, you should slow down.
(Chuckles) Maybe you should slow down.
Hey, how about that little declaration of war you made this morning?
Yeah, you might want to pump the brakes on that plan because, the Mikaelsons?
They aren't exactly known for letting bygones be bygones.
Maybe I don't care.
Maybe it's the Mikaelsons who need to worry about me.
Is that...?
Lucien's serum.
Oh, cool.
So you're gonna die soon too.
Well, that's good to know.
I'll make sure I get this suit cleaned stat.
This'll make sure I can't die.
Marcel, if you take that, you will be the last thing on earth that can kill a Mikaelson.
That's like open declaration of war.
I mean, how'd that work out for that Lucien guy, huh?
And you know what? Best case scenario, what are you going to do?
Hmm? You gonna kill all of them?
Klaus, Elijah, Freya, Kol?
Yeah, he's mad at them now, but when push comes to shove, even Hayley chooses them over you.
So are you really going to take down everyone?
And do you think that's what Davina would have wanted?
Anything?
There's too many pieces.
Every time I get close to seeing something, it all just fades away.
Finish it.
: You will all fall.
One by friend, one by foe, and one... by family.
: What the hell did I just see?
Vincent told me he found a way to extract the serum from Aurora.
I was busy at the time, but if Vincent did steal the serum... if he...
If he gave it to Marcel...
We're in trouble.
Yeah.
Missed you at Davina's memorial.
I thought my presence there would be inappropriate.
Because you and your family threw her to the wolves?
Yeah.
You probably made the right call.
I know how much you cared for her.
This must be difficult for you.
(Scoffs)
That's funny.
'Cause that doesn't sound like an apology.
Marcel... I had a chance to save her.
To bring her back.
But no.
The Mikaelsons decided that couldn't happen.
Not if it was inconvenient for them.
It seems you're always willing to watch the world burn, long as you survive.
Lucien had to die.
He would have destroyed us all.
Yeah. Thanks to his vendetta against you.
His motive is not the issue.
He was a threat. We responded in kind.
Had Freya the power to kill Lucien, and save Davina, she would have.
Am I supposed to just nod and accept that?
We share a bourbon, and I just... shrug it off.
Davina had to die.
What a shame, but there was no other choice.
There wasn't.
(Scoffs)
What am I to you, Klaus?
Am I your friend?
Your sidekick?
I mean, at first, I was a charity case.
We all know that.
How about now?
Am I your ally?
'Cause you sure as hell don't treat me like one.
You and I are bonded by blood.
And yes, we quarrel, but that is what family does.
Oh, okay.
So I'm family.
No. I don't see it.
Once upon a time, you were my mentor, my savior.
My sire.
But you've never been my brother.
And now... now you're nothing to me.
Marcellus, just give me one last chance to prove you wrong.
Come with me.
(Sighs)
The serum... there's no trace of it in her.
We need to warn Klaus.
He's not answering.
Elijah, the power I stole from the Ancestors, it was enough to deal with Lucien, but that power's faded.
If Marcel takes that serum and becomes the beast foretold in the prophecy, I won't be able to stop him.
Locate Niklaus. I'll find Marcel.
(Music box plays light, gentle melody)
Freya?
Who's there?
What the hell is this?
(Eerie, indistinct whispering)
Who's doing this?
(Door slams shut)
(Whispering continues)
(Choking and gasping)
Davina! I...
I didn't mean to hurt you.
I loved you.
(Gasping)
(Panting)
: Wow. Nice little fixer-upper.
I can't sell it, and I can't rent it, 'cause everybody thinks it's haunted.
That's what happens when your crazy ex-wife used to perform ritual sacrifice in your parlor room.
(Laughs)
You said you wanted to know.
Jesus, Vincent, I thought I was crazy.
You're telling me that voodoo, black magic, angry spirits...
All that stuff is real?
Those of us who practice witchcraft, we're supposed to be keepers of the balance.
Sometimes power corrupts.
Now, the covens won't even come near this place, and even regular people, they... they walk past it, and they're like, oh, this place is seven different kinds of wrong.
And they're right to be afraid.
Once upon a time... my crazy ex-wife Eva, she tried to siphon the power of our Ancestors, and she created this.
It's called "un depot d'argente".
It's a mystical battery cell.
It's capable of storing all kinds of just negative mojo.
Uh, and how does that thing help us?
(Quiet laugh)
Witches are supposed to be the protectors of New Orleans.
And we were, until our Ancestors, they came along, and they made a deal with the Devil, in the form of Lucien Castle.
See, that's what got Cami killed.
Now, Lucien's gone, but those same Ancestors, they want to start a war with a family, a very old and powerful family called the Mikaelsons.
Look, man, it's a long story, and the only thing you need to know is that some innocent people are gonna get hurt, because the Ancestors, they don't give a damn if this whole city becomes a war zone.
And the only way we're going to stop the bloodshed is if we do something about it.
We?
We're going to put this in the right place.
We're going to set it off, and we're going to sever the Ancestors' connection to the world of the living.
Wipe the slate clean.
: It's a long way to go to make a point.
: Surely you remember this place.
Yeah.
Sure.
Two, three bridges ago, this is where you had me scatter my father's ashes.
You were still newly turned, and I feared the brilliant, kind-hearted boy I raised would be lost in a cloud of rage, so I brought you here, to the bridge our family crossed when we first brought you home.
The threshold between your past and your future.
Long before you realized how much we loved New Orleans.
A love that was born alongside our love for you, our family's newest member.
You can say that as many times as you like, doesn't make it so.
You may hate me, but your hatred only marks you as my kin.
From the moment I met you, I saw myself in you.
And when I brought you here, to scatter your father's remains, you did something I never could: You released your hate to the wind.
And it was that day I saw your full potential.
And I knew you to be my son.
(Laughing)
Did you remind me of all that, hoping I'd feel like I owe you something?
Huh?
Let me tell you, being a part of your life hasn't exactly been a gift.
And whatever debts I owe, I paid them back, all right?
A long, long time ago.
If one of us is standing in the red, I'm going to say it's you.
Nice view.
Pretty sunset.
Why ruin it with more talk?
At this point, it's just noise.
You are so like me.
Stubborn, full of anger.
I'm nothing like you.
You're wrong.
You see, I raised you in my image, and yet, when you thrived, I allowed my worst fears to take root.
Instead of feeling pride of the man you'd become, I began to feel a sense of unease, of distrust.
And I feared you would become my better.
I never wanted to be better than you.
Not until you started trying to hold me down.
I haven't done enough... well enough, when it comes to you.
But you and I are bonded by fate, by history, and by blood.
And you, Marcel, will always be my family.
: Gentlemen. Am I interrupting something?
(Dixieland jazz playing)
(Indistinct chanting)
NOPD! Freeze! Hands up!
: All right!
Psycho slumber party's over.
We got reports of health code violations, animal cruelty, and felony creepiness.
Good luck pleading out of that. Get them out of here.
(Shudders)
(Muttering)
Okay.
You all right, man?
Yeah, man, just tell me you got what you need.
I got what I need to do what needs doing.
Great.
Want to tell me what that is?
Okay, cemeteries in New Orleans were designed to house the spirits of our Ancestors.
And there are places, sacred places, that help them focus their energy so that they can access this world.
Like a cell phone tower?
More powerful, but yeah.
Think about it as a way where our world and the spirit world actually meet.
And one of those places is a tomb.
It's the cornerstone of the link between the living and the dead.
It's the seat of their power and the means through which they influence this world.
I'm gonna go into their world with this, and I'm gonna use every drop of power and crack the foundation.
Cut off the signal.
Yes.
Wait, you said you were gonna go into their world?
Never mind that now.
What I need you to do is handle things on this end, all right?
A magical surge that big is gonna send out shockwaves throughout all our cemeteries.
Yeah, well, NOLA PD can clear it out.
I can say there's a bomb threat.
Do whatever you have to do, but make sure there is no one around when this thing goes down.
Yeah.
Hey, Vince, how are you gonna get that thing into this spirit world?
: Simple.
He's got to die.
Who the hell is that guy?
: Step aside, Niklaus.
Elijah, this is a private conversation.
Your concerns can wait.
No, they cannot.
Same Mikaelson drama.
One of you is trying to make peace, the other one is eyeing me like I'm a rabid dog.
Well, then tell me my concerns are unfounded, Marcellus.
Oh, what, I got to prove myself?
To you?
Davina was like a daughter to me and you condemned her to a fate worse than death.
So how is it my job to prove myself to you?
All right, that's enough. Both of you.
You tell me where it is.
What?
This?
: You're not going to blow up the Ancestral well by yourself.
Kol, whatever help you're trying to offer me, I'm not interested.
I'm coming with you, I'm not asking for permission.
Besides...
Davina's the one who brought me here.
Davina's gone, Kol.
Parts of Davina remain.
Fragments of her soul bound to those she loved.
I saw her, Vincent.
And she is reaching out to me, and I have to reach back.
I need to see her.
(Exhales)
(Sighs)
Come on, Kol.
What the hell is that?
: That, my dear brother, is a wicked little gift from our friend Vincent.
: I guess he figured better me than Aurora.
And now that I got it, I can't help but think why not take it?
I mean, loyalty never got me anywhere.
And the only thing you respond to is a show of force.
Marcellus, end this foolishness right now.
Or else what?
I mean, I'm family, right?
Why would this little serum have to change anything, other than the simple fact that I would be your equal?
Oh, yeah.
I figured you could never live with that.
You hand it over right now and I will forgive this act of defiance as a moment of weakness brought on by your grief.
Oh, that's funny.
I thought you came asking for my forgiveness, but you like it better this way, don't you?
Me owing you.
And all that pretty fairy tale about me being part of the family?
That only works if you're in control.
Klaus Mikaelson, smiling down like a benevolent king.
Showing mercy to all his subjects.
But you still have to be the king!
Don't you?
The thing about kings, though... eventually, they all fall.
Even you, Klaus.
(Electricity crackling, buzzing)
Well, there ain't no party like a cemetery party.
Did you bring it?
Yeah.
Davina's favorite record.
So, how exactly does an Original vampire get to go to witch purgatory?
I died a witch.
I spent months there, trapped and tormented by the Ancestors.
Once we cross over, we're gonna be in enemy territory.
We're gonna have to move quick to conjure Davina and get the bomb set.
Otherwise, (grunts) the Ancestors are gonna shut us both down.
Hmm. Okay. Well, maybe just make sure that doesn't happen?
Really?
Hemlock?
Old school.
Respect.
(Chanting): Prezeve lyen lavi nou... Prezeve lyen lavi nou. Prezeve lyen lavi nou...
(Gasps)
: Give it to me now.
I won't ask you again, Marcellus.
My name... is Marcel.
And I'm not giving you a damn thing.
I can't allow you the means to destroy my family.
Your family. Right.
Thank you.
Klaus, Marcel will betray us.
I saw it with my own eyes.
I will betray you?
I asked, begged for your help, and you left Davina to rot.
You put down Lucien because he was coming for you, for your family, but the thing is, you made Lucien.
You turned him, taught him, and then abandoned him.
And then you blamed Lucien because it's always somebody else's fault.
But maybe you were the villains in his story.
After all, that is the Mikaelson way, right?
Kill, maim, torture, all in the name of family.
Always and forever.
I used to admire that vow.
It gave me back the thing that had been beaten out of me.
Faith in those you love.
I was a fool.
Always and forever is just an excuse to do whatever the hell you want.
Maybe... it's time someone put an end to that.
You are treading very close to a dangerous decision.
I'm asking you to choose wisely.
Fair enough.
: You can't stop me, Klaus.
I only meant to keep you from crossing a line you would most certainly regret.
No, you meant to keep your precious upper hand.
Don't you get it?
Whatever I have to do, Klaus, I will find a way to hurt you.
You will never be safe, not as long as I am alive.
You can call me family all you want, I am done being your friend.
From this day forward, I am nothing less than your worst...
(Thudding, squishing)
No!
(Panting)
 (softly): Okay.
Localiser nan motus qui souffre de patitur.
(Eerie, indistinct whispering)
: Kol?
Davina!
It hurts!
(Groans)
I knew you'd hear me.
I'm here, luv.
I'm listening.
(Groans lightly)
: The current took him.
Niklaus, I saw Freya's vision.
What did you do?
I could've talked him down.
I could...
You could've what?
You could've watched our family's extinction at the hands of Marcel Gerard.
He was one of us!
He despised us.
Yes, he was our friend, yes, he was our family.
The moment Davina Claire was lost, he became our foe, and a formidable one at that.
He was the leader of the Strix, entrusted with all of our secrets, and then, Klaus, we betrayed him.
I had no choice.
Do you really believe that?
: Here we go.
You've done enough, Vincent.
You should go.
Davina, I can't just walk out.
When this is over, the Ancestors will be cut off.
It'll be a new beginning for the witches.
They'll need someone to lead them.
Davina, I'm not gonna let...
Vincent...
I'm not asking.
(Gasps)
Elijah...
♪ It was dawn ♪

♪ And the kitchen light was still on... ♪
(Gasping)
♪ I stepped in ♪
(Crying): Forgive me.
What happened?
Tell me, please.
♪ An open mouth ♪
It's Marcel.
♪ Screams and makes no sound ♪
I took his life.
(Exhales sharply)
♪ Of the tinnitus of silence ♪

♪ You had your ear to the ground ♪

♪ White noise ♪
Davina...
Can you do me a favor?
Can you tell Josh not to be sad?
Tell him that one really good friend is more than enough.
And that most people don't get that.
And... tell Marcel thanks for being my family.
I'll tell them both.
♪ Blood seems black... ♪
All of it.
Okay.
♪ Against the skin of your porcelain back ♪
I don't know how to say goodbye to you.
♪ A still life... ♪
Do you know the first time that I saw you?
In the record store.
No, it was before that.
I was dead for ages, Davina.
And when I woke up, it was a mess of manipulation and family drama in a body I didn't know.
All this anger I couldn't shake.
And that very night, I saw you leaving the church with this look on your face, like the whole world was on your shoulders.
You brushed up against some dead flowers and you stopped.
You looked around, and you brought those flowers back to life with your magic.
(Chuckles)
And you smiled, and something inside of me cracked wide open.
I was dead for ages, Davina Claire, and only then did I feel alive again.
(Both crying)
I love you.
♪ Death dreams ♪

♪ And don't forget ♪
I love you too.
♪ It's been a while ♪

♪ Since I dreamed this, but ♪

♪ Even now, when asleep, I'll tread... ♪
(Gasping, crying)
(Grunts)
♪ Death dreams ♪
Rompier le lien vivum. Rompier le lien vivum.
♪ It's been a while ♪
Rompier le lien vivum.
♪ Since I dreamed this, but ♪

♪ Even now... ♪
: Uh, guys?
Pretty sure that's our cue.
♪ Death dreams ♪

♪ And don't forget ♪

♪ It's been a while ♪
Give 'em hell, Davina Claire.
♪ Even now ♪
(Chanting): Rompier le lien vivum...
Rompier le lien vivum.
♪ Death dreams ♪
Rompier le lien vivum...
♪ And don't forget ♪
Rompier le lien vivum.
♪ It's been a while ♪
(Chanting ends, echoing)
♪ Since I dreamed this, but ♪

♪ Even now, when asleep ♪

♪ I'll tread with care. ♪
I assume Elijah told you.
So you understand why I'd prefer to be alone.
He's hurting too, Klaus.
More than you know.
And had it been our daughter's heart, would you still defend him?
Don't use Hope.
Marcel was a son to me.
Freya showed me what Elijah saw.
The prophecies haven't been wrong once.
Klaus, after everything that you have done, all the people that you've threatened, tortured, killed, all the pain that you have put him through, he has always forgiven you.
You have to forgive him.
You sound like Camille.
♪ Love ♪

♪ Love ♪

♪ Ooh, ooh ♪

♪ Ooh, ooh ♪

♪ Love, you left me haunted ♪

♪ Love, I'm just a shadow now ♪
(Crackling fire)
: I take it your plan worked.
Yeah.
Ancestors are cut off.
We're free.
Now I just got to get things moving in the right direction on this end.
Hey, look, man, I couldn't have done it without you, man.
Thank you.
Yeah.
You know, I spent months feeling like I was losing my mind.
Like there was something out there in the darkness.
Waiting for me.
I thought it was all in my head.
No...
(Chuckles) Thank you, Vincent.
No, man.
No, for trusting me with the truth.
All right now.
♪ Love, I think I'm dying ♪
(Footsteps approaching)
♪ Love I'm just a shadow now ♪

♪ Ooh ♪
It was the only way to be sure, Elijah.
And Niklaus, I think part of him sees that already.
But more than anything, you have to forgive yourself.
♪ Oh ♪

♪ Love, I think I'm dying ♪

♪ Love, the monster's got me now ♪

♪ Love, I think I'm dying ♪

♪ Lost in the years ♪

♪ Lost in the days ♪

♪ Lost, and it just won't go away ♪

♪ Let the light in ♪

♪ Love, I feel you near me ♪

♪ Love is no more monster now. ♪
"When sorrows come, they come not single spies.
But in battalions."
Hamlet.
We taught Marcel to read with this very copy.
Cool.
Well, he's not here, so...
He's dead.
The serum.
No, Marcel didn't take it.
Because of me.
No, if I hadn't convinced him to wait...
No, is that what you really think?
You think that because Marcel wanted them to think that.
Now, the truth is, Marcel took that serum the moment I offered it to him.
He didn't even hesitate.
So, if the Mikaelsons think he's dead... they're in for a hell of a surprise.
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
