Life was tough certainly after the Civil War.
And I think that fostered a big migration to the West.
(horse whinnies)
But as the US government pushes the nation west, former Confederates hell-bent on taking back what they lost become outlaws...
We intend to rob this here bank.
Who's the cashier?
(gunshot)
(horse whinnies)
In that day, you had to be somewhat of a bad guy to survive.
(grunts)
(gunshot)
They were all tough and nobody lived very long.
We deploy Custer and 1,200 men to track down whatever remains of Crazy Horse and Sitting Bull's war party.
: This is the story of an age of violence like no other, a time when blood is shed and battles fought by ordinary men who become legends... as they fight to determine the fate of the country.
: The West shaped this country in ways that people either don't acknowledge or have taken for granted or have simply forgotten.
It was such a defining characteristic of America.
(gunshots)
You go to hell.
You first.
(gunshot)
: Quantrill's Raiders were guerilla fighters fighting for the South.
They didn't necessarily fight in traditional ways, and the way they fought could often be very savage, very violent, and their targets could be civilians as well as military.
(horses whinny)
(gunshot)
We got to go! We got to go!
(gunshot)
(men shouting)
(gunshots)
There they go! Come on!
(grunts)
Get him!
(gunshot)
(screams)
Can you run?
No. (groans)
(gunshot)
(groaning)
(squishing)
(groaning)
(labored breathing)
Now, say it.
I solemnly swear...
That I will bear the true allegiance of the United States.
(screams)
I will bear true allegiance to the United States.
: Jesse James is forced to pledge allegiance to the Union.
Before he's released, the Confederacy surrenders and after four years of bloody fighting, the Civil War comes to an end.
After surviving a near fatal wound, Jesse James returns home to Missouri only to find death and destruction all around.
After the Civil War, the South was hellacious.
It had been ruined.
And there was a great deal of resentment of northern authority, of federal authority.
: In the border state of Missouri, the fighting has been especially brutal.
: Missouri is one of the states that stuck with the Union during the Civil War, but had large sectors of the population that wanted to go with the South in the first place.
It's in this incredibly volatile, literally brother against brother world 
: Jesse soon discovers that the war has not only torn apart his homeland, it's left his family with nothing.
You look good, Frank.
You look like sh1t.
(laughs)
I bet you gave them Union boys hell, though, didn't you?
It's just real nice to be home.
Mom, I promise you, 
Me and Frank will figure out something.
Their father had gone off to the gold fields during the Gold Rush and had died there.
 and I think that created a very, very strong bond between her and her children.
So he comes up with a plan.
He forms a gang... and begins stealing.
: When you think of Jesse James and those families, they have been stripped of everything, they felt, after the Civil War and they were gonna come and take what they thought was owed to them.
Let's go.
Here, take this.
Go, go, go!
(men shouting)
Jesse.
Cover that up.
How you doing?
What's in the crates?
Food, various sundries.
You boys hungry?
Want some water.
: Frank!
We got water.
Fresh out of the creek.
Tastes like sh1t.
Yeah, well, I guess we're used to it.
Search the house. Take it all.
: Fed up with the North's presence, Jesse James is determined to fight back.
(grunts)
He was strongly opposed to what was going on in the South and in fact viewed the army after the end of the war as being oppressive.
These just came in.
You're dismissed.
(men shouting)
But after a series of Union generals were unable to secure victory for the North, Abraham Lincoln promoted Grant to lead the US Army, and he rose to the task.
: General Grant is one of the true military geniuses.
He saw the objective and he knew what needed to be done.
: When Grant took control of the army, he had to deal with leftover matters from the Civil War.
Grant understood that there was a feeling in the South that this defeat was something that still might be resisted.
: Grant knows he can't let rebels like Jesse James reignite the war.
So he sends more US troops south to maintain order and institutes strict martial law.
Just over a year since the end of the Civil War, it's North versus South again.
: With former Confederate soldiers like Jesse James lashing out against northern authority in the South...
(gunshot)
General Ulysses S. Grant sends armed troops to enforce order.
: During the immediate aftermath of the Civil War, military government martial law was imposed 
Southerners generally resisted this.
It was, from their perspective, a continuation of the Civil War in which northerners imposed their will, imposed their ways on the South.
Jesse James and other ex-Confederates like him begin rioting.
(men shouting)
: With the Civil War on the verge of starting up again, Grant knows a new strategy is needed to heal the nation.
So he and the US government look to a plan laid out by the man who led the country during the Civil War... Abraham Lincoln.
Lincoln knew that the key to healing the country would be to give all Americans the promise of a new start in the West.
: The value of going into uncharted territory, there's a chance for enterprise and development and a chance for people to grow and to succeed 
And also, I think, just the excitement and the challenge of uncharted territory... that's a little bit of the American way.
: From the Missouri River to the coast of California, the frontier is nearly 500 million square miles of wide-open land.
: You have the Pacific Ocean on one end, and you have the Atlantic Ocean on the other end, and all the vast land in between that.
: The challenge is figuring out how to get people to the West as quickly as possible.
And Grant knows the answer.
The same way he was able to rapidly move Union troops during the Civil War.
: Whoa, hold up on that sleeper.
Get to work.
: The railroads.
: Hold up on that...
: To promote construction, the government makes the railroad companies an unprecedented offer... millions of acres of free land.
For every mile of track that a railroad would build, 
The land grants that Congress provides really is the sweetheart deal of the century.
The railroads then take the land they got for free and sell it to the settlers... using a massive advertising campaign that promotes the West as an uninhabited paradise.
(train whistle blows)
People were lured by this fantastic sense of opportunity.
 there's an opportunity that you can get 50 acres and start a life.
That's like winning the lottery back then.
I mean, it was amazing.
: As railroads expand west, hopeful new settlers push into territory that's been occupied for thousands of years.
At the end of the last Ice Age, nomadic hunters migrated into the Americas across a land bridge that once connected Siberia to Alaska.
By 1865, 300,000 Native Americans are living in the West.
The most numerous and powerful people on the plains are the Lakota Sioux.
But now their homelands are being invaded.
For the Lakota people, 1865 is a major turning point.
: Standing in the path of the invasion is a fearless young warrior.
His name is Crazy Horse.
: Crazy Horse was a very talented military leader who was the chief lieutenant 
: The land is sacred to the Lakota and Crazy Horse feels it's his duty to defend it.
: Native Americans, when they saw the railroad, they knew that there was now a vehicle to invade them with and it was protected by steel.
And it was fast.
Sioux in the northern Great Plains 
And they're winning.
News of the violence makes its way to Washington, DC...
(tapping)
I just received word from the Dakota territories.
Another six men have been killed in a raid.
(horse whinnies)
Crazy Horse knows it's up to him to defend his land and his people against an enemy with superior firepower.
But he's confident he'll prevail, thanks to a powerful vision he had in his youth.
: Crazy Horse, as a young man, had a vision.
(thunder rumbles)
(cawing)
 he's very safe from the enemy and the enemy can never hurt him.
 from anything that the enemy might do to him.
: Several Lakota are set to decoy the US Army, and one of these people is Crazy Horse.
It's obviously a very risky position to be in because you're putting yourself very close to the US Army.
(man shouting)
: Once he has them in position, Crazy Horse begins his assault.
: Ready!
: He charges alone...
: Aim!
: directly into their line of fire.
: Fire at will!
(gunshots)
And it exposes the soldiers' greatest weakness.
: Reload!
(whooping)
(all whooping)
(soldiers grunting, screaming)
(whooping)
Now, in addition to trying to contain the southern rebellion, Grant must deal with an Indian war that's beginning to rage out West, threatening the future of the nation.
: After Crazy Horse and his men kill nearly 100 US soldiers in a single battle, news travels back to Washington.
Incompetence.
These savages, they don't fight the way we do.
Grant realizes the only way to defeat the Indians is to send his best commander from the Civil War... a man stationed 2,000 miles away in Texas who's famous for both his victories and his unconventional commanding style.
His name is George Armstrong Custer.
: George Armstrong Custer was very flamboyant.
He had flowing blond hair.
Some say he curled it himself.
He wore a signature costume, if you will, that he called a uniform.
And he just showed himself to be superior to others.
Where did you acquire that insignia on your uniform, soldier?
West Point, sir. Fourth in my class.
Fourth in your class?
Gentlemen, we have a celebrity in our midst.
Do you know what position I graduated?
Last.
And yet here I stand commanding you.
You're a disgrace to that insignia.
You are a disgrace to my unit.
And you are a disgrace to every man who ever wore that uniform.
One month laundry duty.
Make it the end of the year.
(cannonball whistling)
Cover their left flank!
Lieutenant, why are you falling back?
You breach their front lines and you push.
 but not in battle.
Tremendous courage.
The thing that scared people half to death was being assigned to him
'cause you were gonna be in the middle of everything.
: But since the Civil War ended, Custer has been relegated to overseeing border patrol at a remote post.
Custer was sent into exile.
And he knew that he needed to get back into action.
Sir.
: Custer got command of the 7th Cavalry, which was going to be the crack elite unit for Indian fighting in the West.
And it's an assignment that will change the course of American history.
(crickets chirping)
: In the years following the Civil War, former Confederate soldier Jesse James has been leading an uprising in Missouri.
: All right, boys, I'll tell you what's going to happen.
Me, Charlie, and Frank will head inside.
Get around that counter, easy money.
But as the North's postwar domination of the South continues...
Jesse is starting to think bigger.
He decides that the best way to express his hatred for the North is to go after their wealth.
In the first 80 years of America's existence, there was not a single armed bank robbery.
So at the time, banks have minimal security.
And even in the South, they hold mostly northern money.
Rob a bank and you're stealing northern wealth.
: Jesse James wanted the money, but he had a real statement he was trying to make that was as much political as it was about robbing banks.
(people chatting)
Go.
Everything in your vault.
(people screaming)
Open the vault.
Move.
(gasps)
: Hold on, hold on.
In the corner now.
I know you.
I didn't.
You did.
You fought for the Union, didn't you?
No.
Let's open the vault, be on our way.
You fought at Richmond.
No, I didn't.
Don't you shake your head at me.
Jesse.
You're the man who shot Bill Anderson.
He killed men, he saw men killed.
Seeing death every day changes the way you look at life.
I found you, you son of a bitch.
(shouts)
We still need him to open the vault.
Bill Anderson was my friend.
(gunshot)
God damn it, Jesse. On the floor!
Come on, now! Come on.
: That revolver shot is somewhat of a release.
When Jesse fires that gun, there's a welled-up bitterness that's been boiling for years.
Lots of his friends have been killed.
Jesse refused to forget.
Come on, Jesse. We got to go.
Jesse, come on. Come on, now.
Get, boys, get.
(clicks tongue) Come on.
Come on.
(hammer clicks, gunshot)
A lot of the guys who became outlaws, Jesse James and so forth, they were all part of the Confederate Army.
 robbing banks was their way of continuing the fight of the Confederacy.
All right, it's on you, Frank.
There it is. (laughs)
It's a good day to be Frank James, you know.
He was going to take the money that he felt was taken from him during the Civil War.
And once they started reading their own stuff, they were, "Yeah, I'm right. You know, I was questioning whether or not I should have robbed that bank, but now I know I'm right."
(laughs)
Over 400 miles away, the US government is dealing with an even greater problem than southern uprisings... as Indian attacks by warriors like Crazy Horse are slowing down western progress.
But General Ulysses S. Grant has an answer...
Civil War hero George Armstrong Custer.
Grant was quite happy with the performance of Custer.
He was also willing to do whatever was necessary to deal with the Indian issue right now.
For months, Custer has been hunting bands of Indians across the southern plains...
Halt!
: I think Custer had the same ambitions that any long-term military officer had.
That was to advance in rank.
That was hard to do in the post-Civil War West.
I mean, you weren't meeting a foe that was lined up with 10,000 men on the field of battle.
You were meeting a very elusive foe.
: Finally, Custer catches a break.
His regiment discovers a band of Cheyenne Indians camped near the Washita River suspected of attacking settlers and troops.
Get the men ready.
Half an hour.
I want to hit them with everything we've got.
You have your orders.
Yes, sir.
: Custer is quite consciously, I think, very aggressive in his war against Indians because he's really trying to reclaim the glory that he experienced during the Civil War 
: It's only been three years since the Civil War ended.
But now with Custer riding into a battle for glory... and Jesse James inciting a rebellion in the South...
America is on the brink of fighting a two-front war.
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
