This is weird. There's a problem here.
She turned her head, and it was like this demonic face.
: Big impact in his stomach. Ooh, ooh!
Do they execute this rat [bleep]?
They do.
: He ruins people.
He caused a lot of people to die.
I feel like there's a presence inside this house.
They're, like, trying to fight for life.
Trying to run from death.
There's a dark presence.
My name is Amy Allan.
These things, they're freaking out.
They're from hell.
I see dead people.
They were being hunted.
I speak to dead people.
They were setting people on fire, burning them alive.
And they speak to me.
Her neck got broken.
But there's only one way to know if my findings are real.
I hear a gunshot.
I rely on my partner.
I'm Steve Di Schiavi.
I'm a retired New York City homicide detective.
Something's not right here.
And I know every person, every house has secrets.
It's not safe here. It's my job to reveal them.
Are any of them buried on the property?
They're all buried here.
: But Steve and I never speak.
We never communicate during an investigation.
Until the very end.
I can't do it no more.
When we uncover if it's safe for you to stay...
Holy [bleep] Look at this!
Or time to get out.
It does not have a happy ending.
Something kills people here.
I'm in Richmond Heights, Ohio, it's a small town about 15 miles east of Cleveland.
I got a call from a woman named Annette.
She's a feisty lady, not scared of anything... except what's in her house.
She says what's going on has gotten so bad, it's ripping her large family apart.
She sounded pretty upset, and I'm hoping we can help her out.
: Before Amy arrives, I clear the house of any leading information.
Family photos and religious items must be covered or removed.
When I'm finished, the location will be ready for tonight's walk.
: Oh, boy.
There's a female.
She is not mentally sound.
And she's basically screaming for her life.
So she's always in the process of dying.
And it's due to a gunshot or a stab wound.
I'm also seeing this dead teenage girl.
Her hair is very long, and like, really dirty.
And she is decomposing.
What I see is a man in the shadows.
She points to him, and she said, "You murdered me."
And then I get a really super sharp pain right here in my neck.
And I'm thinking, like, he might have stabbed her.
: So, Annette, you sounded really upset when we spoke on the phone.
What the hell's going on?
My family means everything to me, and this house is tearing our family apart.
I mean, I've always been a strong woman, and I always told everyone, "Do not mess with my husband, my family, or my home."
This is just something I can't handle.
What exactly are people experiencing?
From unexplained noises, sounds of footsteps all over the house.
Seeing apparitions, and, here, lately, being physically touched.
Okay. So who exactly lives here?
Currently, just my husband and I.
I know you have a big family.
I do.
I have seven children and 11 grandchildren.
This is my family.
WE have five daughters and two sons.
How long have you guys lived here?
For about 15 years now.
What prompted you to call us now, though?
My son, who came home from the Army, he stayed with us for a while, but that activity increased so much, and he decided to leave.
My grandchildren do not want to spend the night here.
If they come over, it's during the daytime, and they're out of here before nightfall.
Annette, I'm curious about your husband.
How's he feel about this whole thing?
I called you guys, and, you know, it started some arguments.
This is his family, he should be able to fix it, so...
Is he okay with us being here?
He knows I feel strongly about this.
I need my life back, I need my family back.
I want my home back.
: My goodness.
Okay.
I'm getting a lot of people talking to me at once.
Somebody who lives here, I think it's a male.
There's somebody in this house who does not want us to be doing this, thinks it's bad, it's gonna stir [bleep] up.
So this is a living person.
Yeah. That's here.
Yes.
Okay.
He's a control freak, and he thinks he's got it all under control and he's, like, the man of the house, and you know, he can protect his own kind of thing.
Like, you know, I don't need your guys' help.
You don't need to be here.
This is where some of the worst experiences have happened.
Okay, like what?
At night, there's a male figure that I see standing in that hallway.
And he stands there as though, he's, like, keeping guard or watching over and looking in and checking in.
Okay, is it something you can see through or is it solid?
It's solid.
It's like a dark man with all black on.
You ever think about shutting the door at night?
No.
You might want to start doing that.
I don't want to be locked in here with it.
Mmm.
All right, anything else?
I hear this voice call my name.
Several times, I've, like, responded, thinking it was someone here, and then realizing, "Wait a minute, I'm here by myself."
Is it a male voice or a female voice?
Female voice.
Could the TV have been on?
No.
Okay. Anything else?
Yeah, another time, I was laying in bed here, and this demonic female form was sitting at the foot of my bed.
I woke up and I saw it, 'cause I felt it actually sit down.
She turned her head, and it was like this demonic face.
Like, a beige tone, brown tone gargoyle.
Okay.
Like something out of a scary movie.
It was just something that was terrifying.
: The dead teenage girl comes in here a lot.
She likes it in here a lot.
And there's a connection between her and the person in this room.
There is communication there, 'cause I see, like, the dead girl, like sitting here in the middle of the floor.
And she's talking to somebody.
There's a relationship.
This is her safe space, her safe area.
She really likes this person.
But because she's dying all the time, this person might feel really weird aches and pains... through their body, their joints.
Obviously, it's not healthy.
So it's almost like she's becoming a zombie.
So, William, I spoke to Annette.
And she's still pretty upset about the stuff going on.
Are you happy we're here?
No.
Why?
'Cause I didn't know nothing about you all.
It could have made something worse or, you know.
Do you believe in any of this stuff?
Well, I do now.
You do?
Yes. So I gotta assume by that answer, you've had experiences.
Yes.
Okay, can you tell me about some of them?
Okay, yeah, I was in the basement watching TV.
And out of the corner of my eyes, I seen a lady up on the wall, coming down the steps.
What did she look like?
She was a little short white lady with long, white hair and a long, white gown.
And she was walking up against the wall like this and coming down the steps.
And just looking at me like, "Do he see me?" It ain't like I'm asleep.
I'm sitting there looking at her, and saying, "Oh, my God!"
Man, that's a little strange.
Anything else?
One night, we were sitting in the basement, and seemed like somebody done broke in or something because this... it was so loud on that floor.
We looked around.
Nothing.
You guys have dogs?
No.
Okay, you ever check for rodents?
Uh, no.
Okay.
Um, so anything else?
Yeah, I was coming down the steps about 8:00 in the morning.
And seen a body of flashing lights, like a thousand flashing lights, all in one body, trickling, coming at me.
Okay, so let me get this description right.
This is the first time I'm hearing something like this.
Okay. Big round...
Round, like that, yeah.
About as long as your body.
Really?
Yes.
Almost knocked me down it scared me so bad.
[Amy sighs]
Oh, boy.
I see, like, this guy, who, I'm assuming, is not good.
I don't know how he's manifesting this weird light.
And I think that the living would probably see this weird light.
It wouldn't be like the whole room would be filled with this light, it would be like kind of a cut-out.
So, the guy from outside, this guy in the light, he's in here.
He ruins people.
How.
He does, like, an analysis of the people in the house, and then he just takes whatever's most valuable to them.
So if a man's wife is the most valuable thing, he'll destroy that.
He wants out of here, and he can't get out of here.
I guess he thinks this is his hell.
Mom said that you had recently moved back, but then you moved out. What was the story?
I had a tour over in Afghanistan, and when I had got back, I was here about five months.
Now, did you leave because of what's going on in the house?
Yes.
Explain to me how a guy like you, who's been in combat conditions, could be driven out of a house.
Well, one time I was laying in bed, and I heard a conversation going on between two females.
Were you able to make out what they were saying?
I was not able to make out what they were saying.
It sounded like a real muffled conversation.
I thought that maybe my mom had stayed home from work.
Okay, was Mom home?
No, no one was home.
Okay, what about the TV being on?
Then that was my second thought.
Until I opened my door to use the restroom and the conversation between the two females stopped.
Okay, anything else?
There feels like there's a presence inside this house at certain times.
I'd say when I'm walking up the stairs, I feel like something's behind me.
Feels like something is immediately coming after me.
There's been many instances where I've slept outside in the car.
Yeah, I don't want to be inside this house.
All right, so let me ask you a question, would you sleep here alone?
No, never.
I wouldn't stay a night here again... with our without people here.
So it's not happening.
: The two murdered women are in here, and they're literally, like, pacing around at the end of this bed.
The living can see them, and the one who's crazy is making these people crazy.
That would be like, you know, loss of focus, hearing voices, hallucinations.
Extreme depression Extreme depression.
: So, Nikki, I was talking to Mom.
It's heartbreaking listening to her talk about how family is just torn apart by what's going on here.
Nobody wants to come here.
Nobody wants to come here.
We travel from Georgia to come up here, and usually we just get a hotel.
Really?
We'd rather pay money to go to a hotel then to stay in this house.
Okay, so it sounds like you've had some pretty bad experiences here.
Yeah.
I just get the feeling of panic when I walk into this house.
It's this feeling of being overwhelmed when you know that something might just happen.
I'm nervous now.
I can see it.
It feels like I need to leave, like something was just, like, "Get out of this house."
But have you actually experienced anything?
I was would sleep in the den, and I woke up from out of my sleep, and I saw something come downstairs.
It was this tall man.
When I saw him, we looked at each other, and then he backed up, then went back up the stairs.
Could you describe what he looked like?
Tall guy. He might have been white.
Maybe his fifties.
You don't have to, you know, keep scaring me in order for me to get it.
I get it, I saw you, you saw me, it's... no.
Game over.
That's it.
I want everybody to be safe.
I want this thing out of here.
Hmm.
Hmm.
It's a male.
This is like a panic.
I'm so panicked.
Panicked, panicked.
Trying to fight for life.
Trying to fight death.
Trying to run from death.
It's awful. My brain is being affected.
I can't talk right.
Feel sick, horrible, nauseous.
I think the living would feel this.
They would feel massive amounts of panic down here.
And then feeling like impending doom.
Oh, yeah, it feels worse in here.
Oof! Ooh!
I don't understand anybody coming down here.
There's like a crushing, crushing pain.
Oh, God!
: Annette and William didn't know much history about their home, so I made some calls, and I found out a woman suffering from Alzheimer's used to live in their house.
In fact, I managed to track down the woman's pastor, who says he knew her and has some information that will definitely help my case.
[Bell tolling]
Pastor Hill, thanks for meeting me, I appreciate that.
The house I'm investigating, you had mentioned the previous owner was actually a member of your church here.
Yes. So, Pastor, do you have any idea when she moved into the house I'm investigating?
Yes, Eleanor moved in in 1973 when she met and married Valentine Carpozi.
Tragically, five years into their marriage, he has a massive heart attack on the living room floor, and then one hour later, at the hospital, he dies.
I can almost guarantee you he was already dead in the house and they just moved him to the hospital for the family's sake.
Young guy, too... only 66.
: That dead guy who was trying to fight death died down here.
And this was recent.
This person died recently.
So I think he's older.
I think he's maybe in his sixties.
I think he was 68.
I want to say that this guy, like, owned this house.
He knew he was gonna die, and he was trying to fight it, and he was, like, running from place to place to try to, I guess, outrun death or something.
Do you know how he died?
Maybe a stroke.
Can't move his jaw, can't speak really well.
His brain feels weird, and he feels nauseous.
This is not good. This is really bad.
Like, he's making people very, very, very, very sick.
: Eleanor, did she ever re-marry?
No.
Okay, so how long did she stay in the house alone?
21 years by herself.
What kind of woman was she?
She was here every Sunday.
Her faith was what got her through.
What kind of a church is this?
It's kind of not like any other.
We do communicate with the dead.
You help patrons of the church communicate with the dead?
Yes.
Wow.
Pastor, let me ask you a question.
The people that come here, the congregation, do you think they all have psychic abilities?
We all are born with the abilities, and the people come here to develop them.
Okay, now, what about Eleanor?
Do we know if she had any abilities?
Yes.
Eleanor would always sit in the front here.
She was a believer.
Okay, so now you said she lived there for 21 years.
Did she die in the house I'm investigating?
No. In the '90s, she was diagnosed with Alzheimer's.
In fear of her safety, in 1999, they put her into an assisted living facility.
When does she eventually pass away?
December 29, 2001.
Okay.
And I actually have her death certificate.
Okay, do we know what she died of?
Cardiac arrest.
She did.
In the nursing home.
Okay.
: What?
The [bleep]?
I see leashes from a woman to the two dead women.
Interesting.
I'm mad.
Somebody here messed with either a Ouija board or some seance... some kind of [bleep].
Might be practicing witchcraft.
And they have now basically enslaved these two dead people... these two dead females.
William told me he hears footsteps in the house all the time.
Now, sometimes people start blaming everything on the paranormal.
It could just be rodents.
I'm heading back to the house now to meet with a pest control expert to see if that could be the case.
Well, Jessie, thanks for meeting me, I appreciate that.
Everybody in the house is hearing footsteps.
Have you ever encountered a place where it could be some kind of an animal that could make a noise like that?
Usually, mostly, that's what it is.
Now, what kind of an animal are we talking about?
Raccoons, possums.
Okay.
Family of squirrels.
Okay, so if you can find evidence of that, at least I could tell them this is why you're hearing this.
So if you can get to work on it for me, and I'll get back with you when you're done.
I could sure do that for you.
Okay, excellent.
Thank you, buddy.
You got it.
Appreciate it. Thanks.
Mm-hmm.
: With all the bizarre sounds Annette and William are hearing, I know I have to rule out the obvious first.
And if there isn't a physical explanation, our only hope for answers will have to come from Amy.
All right, Jessie, so what's the story?
I found zero signs of activity during my inspection.
Okay, so there's no chance that what they're hearing is caused by any kind of wildlife.
Steve, I'm 100% sure.
I appreciate you help and time. Thank you.
Not a problem at all.
: The guy from outside... the dead guy with lights is acting really strange.
He smushed himself down, like, to this tall.
Flat.
And then it gets really loud.
It's super, super loud.
[Groans]
When he does that, it's a problem.
What do you mean?
It's a problem because the dead ladies freak out.
Like, it's like everything is going nuts because all the other dead people are losing their minds.
What kind of effect would all this chaos have on the living?
I think they would hear voices, and there would be, like, a lot of the feeling of movement.
Like a lot of people moving around.
And so there's all this pandemonium happening.
If you need us to investigate unexplained activity in your home, go to the "Dead Files" page at travelchannel.com.
Click on "Help Me, Dead Files" to submit your story, and we'll help if we can.
: So far, I've got a family being terrorized in a home whose former owner died of a massive heart attack, leaving behind a widow who believed she could speak to the dead.
But I need to see if there's anything else that can help my investigation.
Searching through old records, I come across a gangster named Athay Brown.
Turns out his gang was responsible for the death of a woman less than a hundred yards from my clients' property.
Look, when I want to know the facts about a murder, there's only one source I really trust, the cops.
So I'm on my way to meet with a Cleveland homicide detective who looked into it for me, and he says Brown was one of the most violent and notorious murders in Cleveland's history.
So I know you looked into this local gangster.
What can you tell me about the case?
: Almost right next door to your client's property, there lived a lady named Kerri Sykes.
She was a 63-year-old lady who claimed to be a psychic.
And she did readings for people.
Well, on August 30, 1932, Kerri Sykes is at home with an elderly friend... a 72-year-old widow, and these four gangsters knock on her door.
And they tell them that they're looking to have a reading.
Athay brown is one of the gang leaders.
Now, you said he was one of Cleveland's most dangerous gangsters.
Yes.
They had done 40 or more robberies in the Cleveland area during a six-month period.
They were involved in four murders.
So what happened?
Once she lets them in the house, they produce pistols, and they force the women into the basement and tie them up.
And then begin to ransack the house.
Well, Kerri was able to free herself and free her companion.
She boosts the 72-year-old lady up in the basement and out the basement window.
So the 72-year-old now is able to run for help.
And now Kerri finds herself alone in basement, and she starts to have a panic attack, and actually causes her to have a heart attack, and she dies right there in the basement.
How does he wind up getting caught?
Well, he actually doesn't get caught for Kerri Sykes' death.
A few weeks later, he thinks that one of the members of his gang is talking to the police about him, and he gets paranoid.
So him and another gang member sneak into the snitch's house one night.
And while the snitch is sleeping with his 20-year-old pregnant wife, they open fire.
They miss the snitch, but they killed the pregnant wife.
Oh, [bleep].
Francine Holt... and I was able to find a copy of her death certificate for you.
So he jumps back on a train and heads back to Cleveland, and the Cleveland police had been alerted at that time, and they were waiting for him, and they arrested him when he got off the train.
He goes to trial, I guess?
Yes, he goes to trial for the murder of the 20-year-old pregnant lady, and he's found guilty of that, and he gets sentenced to death.
Do they execute this rat [bleep]?
They do.
Within a year of Kerri Sykes' death, Athay Brown was put to death in the Ohio Penitentiary at the age of 27.
Good. He deserved it.
The guy from outside... this guy in the light... he's in here.
Whatever he did, he ruined people.
He, like, took [bleep]
And he would ruin them, like, financially.
Then there was a major thing that actually killed a lot of people.
And it ruined him.
The dead teenage girl, he killed her.
He's damned because of what he did.
He caused a lot of people to die.
: I saw several dead people during my walk, but two stood out the most.
First, the old man in the basement.
He has thick, white hair, and it's parted.
His nose was very, very large.
Next, I describe the dead teenage girl talking to a living woman.
It was in a bedroom.
She is in the process of decomposing.
Amy, is this what you saw?
Yes, that's what I saw.
: Now that Amy and I have completed our investigations, we're ready to reveal our findings to each other and our clients for the first time.
Well, Amy, this is William and this is Annette.
These guys are all about one thing... family... and they have a big one, seven kids, including Nikki here, and 11 grandchildren.
And that's the reason they called us in.
The activity here is so bad, it's tearing the family apart.
No one wants to be here, and the kids are worried that Annette and William are in danger.
Now that Amy knows a little bit about you guys, I'm going to ask her to describe her walk.
: So the worst place for me in the house was when I went into the basement and I became, like, extremely anxious and, like, overwhelming panic.
And I saw this man there.
And he apparently is, like, reliving his death over and over and over again.
I didn't know how anybody could go down there and, like, do laundry or anything because his energy is so negative.
You just feel horrible.
And also I think that anybody alive would feel extremely drained, and they would feel like a sense of, like, impending doom.
A lot of our family have had experiences in the basement in seeing a man in that area.
I was in the basement, and I woke up, and I saw this man coming down the stairs.
And you were sleeping down there?
That was it for me.
I think that things like that only happen to people in the movies, and it's terrifying to even see it and feel it... and to be in your family's house and experience it.
All right, so we know this guy's causing problems.
Any idea who he was?
: I thought that this man owns this house, that he died in the house.
I'm not sure how he died, but I was feeling like an aneurysm or a stroke.
I got that he was within the last 30 years.
He was 68 years old when he died.
Wow.
And he had thick, white hair.
Wow.
I don't have to think too long about this one.
Now you said the guy you saw owned the home, died in the home, and died at the age of 68.
Now, the first owner of the house was this guy named Valentine Carpozi.
Well, in 1978, Valentine, at the age of 66, has a massive heart attack in the living room here.
And was declared dead an hour later.
Mmm, mmm, mmm.
Now, I do have his death certificate here.
He officially died at the hospital, but in my experience, when somebody has a massive heart attack, they're usually dead right away.
Right.
Now I did manage to track down a photo of him with his second wife, Eleanor.
What do you think when you see the photo?
Well, I did have a sketch of him.
I'm pretty sure this is the same guy, but you guys tell me.
Take a look at the photo and the sketch together.
Yep.
It resembles the guy that I saw.
That could be the person that's looking in on me.
: So there are two separate deceased females that are in the house and are active.
What I got was that they're both murder victims.
One of the females is mentally ill and stuck in her death state, and she's reliving the pain of her murder over and over again.
I'm thinking, well, it may be a stab wound, gunshot, I'm not sure.
All I know is that she bled out.
The other female is a teenager.
Her body is decomposing, she has like a bluish-gray, you know, hue.
And with her, I felt sharp neck pains, so I'm thinking she might have been stabbed there.
The thing that I found disturbing about these two females was that they can't leave.
And I actually saw leashes strapped around them.
What I got was that at some point in this house, somebody was playing with the occult or some type of witchcraft.
May have been using Ouija boards or doing seances, and they might not be aware, but they inadvertently trapped these two females and made an attachment to them.
Oh, my God.
Now, everybody in the family that I spoke to said that they've never messed with anything like that.
But one of the previous owners of your home did.
And that's Valentine's second wife, Eleanor.
After Valentine died, she lived here for 21 years alone.
Eleanor was, from what I was told, religious.
So I met with her pastor.
This is where it gets interesting.
The church identifies as Christian, but also believes in the paranormal.
What?
They try to communicate with the dead during the services.
Oh, boy.
Could this be the woman that you think might have been communicating with the dead?
Yes.
It makes a lot of sense.
So let me ask a question, what are these two dead women doing in the house?
They spend most of their time in the back two bedrooms to the right.
Okay, so that's William Jr.'s room and their master bedroom.
Okay.
They do inadvertently interact with the living a bit.
I would think that you guys would occasionally see them.
They're rather vocal.
I would think that you guys would hear voices.
Now, we could talk about the woman you saw in the basement.
Mm-hmm.
Describe it to Amy.
She was a short lady with long white hair and a long white gown.
It scared the hell out of me.
Have any of you heard, like, voices at night?
Their son, William Jr., did before he moved out.
He couldn't take all the activity.
Wow.
The younger dead girl likes to spend a lot of time in the master bedroom.
I saw her sitting on the floor and talking to the female in the bed.
The living person may not know that this is happening because it would seem like more like sleep talking.
We didn't share that.
That for the past two years I've started talking in my sleep.
And William says I have a full conversation that wakes him up.
I drew a sketch of what I saw happening between these two individuals.
Are you guys ready for this?
[Chuckles]
You're gonna be shocked when you see this.
God.
That's exactly what I saw.
It's when she turned, her face was like a gargoyle or something.
It was exactly what I saw.
And that's your only conscious interaction that you recall?
Other than my name being called.
Okay, okay.
Like, someone's always trying to get my attention.
I'm getting the hell out of this house.
: The last person I encountered really concerned me.
The first time I saw him, it was really weird because he surrounds himself with light.
I come downstairs about 8:00 in the morning, and... a body over light... like, sparkles... tons of them coming up the steps.
When I come down, it stopped, and I stopped, and we're staring at each other.
Wow.
But my whole body was just shaking.
So what else does this guy do?
He figures out what means the most to the people in the house, what they love the most, what they're most passionate about, and then he tries to take it away from them.
Now, what's the one thing that would destroy your life?
Losing my family.
Is that what he's trying to do?
What I saw was that he would smush himself down and then raise up from the ground.
When he does that kind of stuff, the dead women freak out.
And what I saw was just like pandemonium.
I'm like, I think that the living here would feel like this chaos, this movement of people rushing around.
And that's when he's... he's in the room doing that.
Tell her your number one complaint about the footsteps.
We can be in the basement, and you hear...
[Stamping feet] That loud.
The first time we heard it, we thought someone had broke in.
I brought in a pest control specialist just to check it out, to be on the safe side.
He didn't find a thing.
So this guy with the lights, any clue who he was in life?
He was not a good person when he was alive.
He said that he ruined people, he was a thief, that he would take things from people... like their land or business.
He also caused a lot of people to die.
At one point, the younger girl pointed at him and said that he was the one who murdered her.
He believes that the situation that he's in now is hell.
He wants out, but he feels like he's damned himself.
I came across somebody in my research that may fit the bill about who she's talking about.
A notorious gangster, actually, that terrorized this area in 1932.
His name was Athay Brown.
I've actually got a photo of him.
He worked with his wife, Rose, and a couple other gang members in the area here.
Now, in a six-month span, they committed 40 robberies and murdered four people that we know of.
What?!
Now, Brown and his crew, back on August 30, 1932, hit a home about 100 yards from this house.
The woman who lived there, Kerri Sykes, was a psychic.
She had an elderly friend over.
When she opened the door, they pulled out their guns, brought them into the basement, tied them up.
While the guys were ransacking the house, Kerri wound up dying of a heart attack in the basement.
Five weeks later, he broke into a gang member's house to kill him for snitching.
Instead, he accidentally shot and killed the guy's 20-year-old pregnant wife.
Her name was Francis Holt.
And I got her death certificate as well.
He was convicted of first-degree murder.
On March 10, 1933, Athay was electrocuted at the Ohio State Penitentiary.
Now, he was only 27 years old.
I don't think we'll know for sure if it's this man, but it's possible.
All right, so, we don't know who the guy is, but what does he want with our beautiful family here?
His thing is is that he wants to hurt people here.
His purpose being that he needs to destroy.
I'm terrified.
How much more that we can take of this?
It's destroying my family.
Things are just out of whack here.
: Annette, when we first met, you told me your motto is don't mess with my family or my home.
Yes.
Now we know what's been messing with both.
The question is can you kick out the rat [bleep]
That's responsible for trying to destroy your family and get your life back the way you guys want it to be?
For that answer, I'm gonna turn it over to Amy.
: You could move.
That would be really the easiest thing to do.
But there would still be all this mess here for the next people.
But if you're really determined to stay, what needs to be done would be to reach out to the pastor...
Mm-hmm.
Of this church and have him create a team of his best sensitives.
And, basically, they would have it out with Eleanor.
Fight fire with fire.
Once she's removed, the two dead women will be able to move on.
But her husband would need more assistance because he's so confused by what's going on.
Once that's been done, then the killer, obviously, needs to be addressed.
And what would happen there would be the sensitives would actually summon him and let him know that he's able to leave.
The only good thing about him is that he actually does want to go, but he's made himself believe he can't.
William, what are you thinking?
Move.
Even if we did get rid of stuff like that, man, it's just too much still.
You know, you'd still be like, "Is it still here?"
In the back of our minds, it would be like...
You're traumatized.
Yeah.
Well, Annette, we know how William and Nikki feel.
You still want to fight, though?
This is my home. I've been here almost 15 years.
I've poured my heart and soul into this.
This is the heart of the matter.
But in order to get my family back, I'm willing to do anything.
: I wish I had better news for Annette and her family. But leaving this house is their best option. If they're not able to move right away, their only hope is to contact the pastor to free themselves of the dead trapped inside their home.
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
