Her face was all, like, demonic.
I felt hands yank me up.
Yeah, so, the way she's trying to kill her is try to get her to kill herself.
Bodies were starting to float ashore up and down this entire area.
There is a lot of dead around.
She died in a fire.
How do you know that, honey?
She told me.
And it killed... I think it killed everybody.
The dead girl... she's always watching.
There's a dark presence.
My name is Amy Allan.
These things, they're freaking out.
They're from hell.
I see dead people.
They were being hunted.
I speak to dead people.
They were setting people on fire, burning them alive.
And they speak to me.
Her neck got broken.
But there's only one way to know if my findings are real.
I hear a gunshot.
I rely on my partner.
I'm Steve Di Schiavi.
I'm a retired New York City homicide detective.
Something's not right here.
And I know every person, every house has secrets.
It's not safe here.
It's my job to reveal them.
Are any of them buried on the property?
They're all buried here.
But Steve and I never speak...
We never communicate during an investigation.
Until the very end...
I can't do it no more.
When we uncover if it's safe for you to stay...
Holy [bleep] Look at this.
Or time to get out.
It does not have a happy ending.
Something kills people here.
: I'm in the seaside town of North Beach, Maryland.
It's about 45 minutes south of Annapolis.
I got a call from a woman who was hysterical.
She says whatever's in the house is attacking her 6-year-old daughter.
She thinks the little girl is in danger, and she can't think of anywhere else to turn.
She says we're literally her last hope.
: Before Amy arrives, I clear the area of any leading information, removing religious symbols, family photos, and other personal items that could influence her findings.
When I'm done, the location will be ready for tonight's walk.
: [Sighing] Okay.
[Door hinges creak]
There's, like, a lot of darkness here.
Even if the sun is shining, it's not really shining.
It's, like, stormy and dark, and there's all of these unresolved issues.
There's a lot of fighting.
There's a lot of dead around.
: Caren, when we spoke on the phone, you were pretty upset about what's going on in the house.
Yes.
Most people think I'm crazy, but it's hard to do battle with an enemy you don't understand.
Okay.
Give me a list of what you guys are experiencing here.
There are things moving around the house.
We're hearing voices.
We have all had nightmares.
We've seen full apparitions.
Now things are getting physical.
Now, who's living in the house here with you?
My oldest daughter, Laurel, who's 14, my middle daughter, Aspen, who's 8, and my youngest daughter, Cedar, who is 6.
We spoke on the phone. I know you're married.
Yes, my husband works for the Department of Defense, and he travels a lot, so he's rarely here.
Okay.
Now, do you know any history about the house?
I know the owner that we bought the property from.
She was an older lady. She had polio.
Okay. So when did you move here, exactly?
We bought the property in 2007.
And did you guys have experiences from the minute you moved in?
No.
For some reason, things started happening once Cedar turned 3.
Let's talk about her. What's going on?
She has drawn pictures.
What kind of pictures?
I have some right here.
And this is the man with the brown arms.
He lives in her room, in her closet.
Oh, geez. All right.
This one she saw in my bathroom.
It was a man covered with mud.
And I have a book with over 40 drawings.
She has become anxious and depressed.
We've seen psychiatrists and psychologists.
They all say she's a normal little girl, but she says things that 5- and 6-year-old children should not be saying.
Thank you. I'm sorry. No, don't be.
I love her with all my heart, but at times, I just... I don't know who she is.
This is pretty... heavy.
How are you handling it?
Not very well.
When I'm alone, I do a lot of crying.
I feel isolated. I feel exhausted.
How are the other two kids handling all this stuff that you and her, you know?
There's a lot of fighting, a lot of blaming, blaming her.
"It's your fault this is all going on."
So it's a very hard environment to live in at times.
I feel so upset for you and what you're going through.
We're willing to do whatever it takes.
We're ready.
Okay.
: I just hear crying and crying.
I don't think that people around here can really maintain good family relationships.
The fighting is huge... a huge, huge, huge problem.
Oh, oh.
There's a male. He's all dark right now.
He's, like, standing in the shadows.
He's very angry.
Yeah, this is bad.
Why'd you bring me in here?
The day that I talked to you on the phone, only a couple hours later, I was in the kitchen.
And I opened the cupboard, and before doing anything, all the dishes and the bowls fell on top of me.
Was this here? Yes.
And these support clips were here?
Yes.
Well, I can't figure out what the hell would have did that.
Has anything else in this kitchen happened here?
Yes. My daughter Laurel and I were right here, having a conversation, and all of a sudden, she screamed, and I said,
"What's wrong? What's wrong?"
She said, "Someone just touched me on my back," and there was no one else in the room.
It was just her and I.
Okay. There's something creepy.
I'm thinking maybe it came out of the TV.
There's this, like, woman. She had, like, long hair.
She was all wet.
Her face was all, like, demonic.
But she's young. I know she's young.
And there's a relationship with a living woman, probably like my age, maybe.
Something weird is going on with these two.
The dead girl... she's always watching, always watching.
People would see her moving.
: As a woman? What do you think they see?
More along the lines of like a shadowy figure.
This girl's just messed up. Her head is just messed up.
Oh, this isn't good.
: What's going on in here?
I have had several scary experiences in this room.
I was woken by a noise, and immediately, I looked to the door and saw a giant black shadow coming at me from the door.
Came over the bed and came straight overtop of me.
I was scared to death.
I've never been that scared in my life.
What else is happening up here?
I was asleep, and I felt a hand grab my hair and yank me up.
It was a very aggressive pull.
I screamed, and I did not go back to sleep after that.
There was no one around.
Tim wasn't here.
You're sure it wasn't a nightmare that you...
It was not a nightmare.
How the hell are you dealing with this?
I don't sleep most nights, but I'm glad that I had the experience.
Why?
Because I understand what Cedar's going through.
If I saw that every night, I think I'd act like her, too.
I hear "mother."
This is weird.
This dead girl feels like the living woman here is her mother.
Okay. Oh, boy.
The feeling in here is loss and loneliness, isolation, extremely depressed, like there's nothing left.
Okay.
She wants this woman all to herself, and she's doing everything in her power to make that happen.
Aah!
So, that was a warning. [Chuckles]
What happened?
She kind of hit me in my neck.
At least I know I'm on the right track with this.
The dead younger woman is trying to kill the living woman because she wants to be with her.
I was talking to your daughter.
I got to tell you, listening to her talk about what's going on with Cedar, that really broke my heart.
Absolutely. Something's going on with Cedar.
She's changed dramatically in the last year, year and a half.
To do this to my grandchildren makes me angry.
You spend time here, I guess.
Lots of time here.
You do?
We live right down the street.
Have you experienced anything?
My husband and I were babysitting here.
Okay.
And we heard Cedar cry out, yelling and screaming,
"Stop it, stop it. Leave me alone, leave me alone."
So I rubbed her back, and she went back into her sleep, and then I heard a low voice say,
"It's gonna be all right. It's all right."
Okay. Do you remember if it was a male or a female voice?
It sounded male.
Okay.
What are you hoping to get out of this investigation?
I've thought long and hard about this, and peace among the girls.
They don't tend to get along, and it's more than just sibling rivalry.
There's something else.
Do you think they're in physical danger here?
Yes, I do.
The dead younger woman... she is coming in, being creepy and malicious.
I think it's out of jealousy because she wants Mommy.
She doesn't want children to distract.
But, okay, so, the interesting thing is... the dead guy who was in the shadows downstairs just came in.
He wants to stop.
This is completely uncalled for, and it's disgusting, he says.
He's trying to reach the kids.
He's trying to communicate with them, and he's trying to make them listen, and he's trying to teach them how to stay away from her.
So he is requesting that God put a stop to this.
: So, Cedar, I was talking to Mommy, and she told me that she's worried about you.
Okay. She says sometimes you get angry at things.
Do you recall any of that stuff?
You remember that?
Why do you think that happens, honey?
I don't want to get angry.
You don't want to get angry.
All of a sudden, you get angry.
Okay.
Okay, would you mind telling me about what you're seeing?
I had, like, this dream last night.
I was going to Mom's room, and there was blood on the floor, and there was dead people there... a man, there was a woman, and there was a little girl.
I was so freaked out. I didn't like it.
Okay. So, what else are you seeing, sweetheart?
He yells at me.
When he yells at you, what's he tell you?
He says, "Get out of here.
Okay. He sounds very mean.
We're gonna have to straighten him out and get rid of him.
Okay, anything else, honey?
I looked over, and, like, this little girl... her name's Stacie... she was hitting me.
So, this little girl, is she a spirit, or is she a real person?
She's a spirit.
I know how she died. She died in a fire.
How do you know that, honey?
'Cause she told me.
She did?
Where does she hit you?
She, like, hits me all here and here and here.
Okay.
And do you get her to stop somehow?
No, I can't.
You can't, huh?
'Cause when I tell her stop, she just keeps on doing it.
Okay. We're gonna try to get rid of her, too, okay?
Would that make you happy?
Okay.
The living person in this room can hear the dead man talking to them.
: So the person in here is aware of him?
Like, I don't know if it's through dreams.
I don't know if it's direct communication.
I don't know, but on some level, yes, very much so, they've talked.
The dead younger woman, she does come in here.
Boy, does she.
She has to try harder here,
'cause the protection seems more aggressive.
She's more visual here.
She manifests here.
She is louder here because she can't get close.
: So, Aspen, sweetie, how old are you?
8 years old.
You're 8, huh?
Now, Mommy also said that you're seeing things, as well.
Mm-hmm.
There is a shadow man in my room.
He sits there, over by that dresser.
What did it look like? Did it look like a grown person?
Yeah, it looked like a grown-up, and it was like a person.
Okay.
And he just sits staring and looks at me and maybe watches out for me.
Okay, so that's one thing you've experienced.
What else has happened?
Well, I was in bed, and then I saw a little girl over by my ribbons.
She had brown hair, and she was looking out the window, and she was twirling her hair, and she was wet.
She was wet?
Mm-hmm.
Maybe she was about to go to sleep, but she was in the water or something.
Okay. Anything else, honey?
I was in my bed, and then, all of a sudden, I felt a thumb press on the back of my neck really hard.
Okay. Were any of the animals... your dogs in the house in bed with you or anything like that?
No. The dogs weren't in bed with me.
Oh. Sounds like you got some scary things going on.
Mm-hmm.
Do you want to move from here?
A little bit so I can feel like a normal girl and always don't be scared of the dark.
Okay.
Okay.
So we've got problems with the under-the-bed issue here with her.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
She slides down, goes right under the bed, won't let them sleep.
Like, I see her hands coming up.
So, I don't know if she's grabbing feet and arms, and she's messing with the head.
Like, it's [bleep] terrifying.
And they know that she's under the bed.
I'm getting mad.
Bad, bad, bad.
: Caren says she bought the house from a disabled woman.
Turns out the lady's name was Mary Sullivan.
Now, I made a few calls and managed to track down her cousin, who agreed to meet with me.
He told me that her time there was filled with nothing but heartbreak and pain.
My clients bought that house from your cousin Mary Sullivan.
: Right.
You spent time at the house when Mary was there?
Yes.
Did you ever experience anything that you can't explain?
No.
Okay. Did Mary ever mention anything to you?
No. I don't recall anybody saying they had any issues.
Anything they can't explain?
Right.
Okay.
So, John, do you have any idea when your family actually purchased the property?
I do.
My grandfather bought the property in 1919, and this is what it looked like about 1934.
Wow. It's so different.
Mary... let's talk about her.
What kind of personality was she?
Oh, she was very outgoing, very pleasant, very happy.
Here's her graduation picture from high school.
She's a pretty girl.
Yeah, she is a very pretty girl.
On the phone, you mentioned that she had a rough go of things.
Yes, yes.
When she was 20, she got engaged to a midshipman at the naval academy.
And here's the midshipman that she was engaged to.
And everything was going well until the following year, after she turned 21.
Then, she was diagnosed with polio, and she wore a brace from her hip down to her ankle.
He broke the engagement.
She ever meet anybody else?
No.
She never went out of her way to look for another romantic relationship.
So, did she live alone in that house all those years?
Yes, but she kept herself busy, in the church and the Democratic Woman's Society.
So, John, I know she sold the house in 2007.
How soon after that did she pass?
About two years later, after her 75th birthday party.
Here are a couple of pictures from that party.
She passed away a couple months after that.
It was a total surprise.
What was the official cause of death with Mary?
It was a heart attack.
Okay.
That's a shame.
One major disease just changed her life completely.
Absolutely.
: So, there's this old woman.
Has this person passed?
She's dead, yes.
The old lady looks very alive, so I'm gonna say, you know, she's pretty recent.
Oh [bleep] damn she's in some kind of pain, I tell you what.
Can you describe her?
Kind of grandma heavy, I guess.
Her hair was kind of gray-white.
She is, like, aware of, like, this bad stuff.
And, then, there's this whole thing about religion creeping back in.
She was, like, praying and talking about demons, and I think she's talking about the dead younger woman.
I think she saw her when she was alive,
'cause she really thinks that she's evil.
: So, here's what I know so far.
I've got a family of four being terrorized by bizarre activity on a property whose former owner suffered from polio and died of a heart attack.
But I need to see if there's anything else that could help my investigation.
Searching through old records, I find an article about another former owner named Maurice Dougherty.
Turns out he died in a fire that started inside Caren's house.
I'm heading over to meet with a genealogist who says Maurice Dougherty's life was as tragic as his death.
This guy Maurice Dougherty...
What did you find out about him?
Well, he purchased that house as a vacation home in 1930.
He himself was very wealthy.
Okay.
He was a contractor and owned his own plumbing company.
What happened with the fire?
The night of the fire was October 16, 1932.
Okay.
It was cool enough to need some heat, so before he retired, he turned on an oil stove.
Okay.
But he put it in his bedroom, close to his bed.
While he was sleeping, his sheets caught on fire 'cause they were too close.
When the firefighters arrived, they knocked in the front door, and they found him dead with the key still in his hand.
So this poor [bleep] was trying to get out with the key and never made it.
Never made it.
According to his death certificate, they have the cause of death suffocation by inhalation.
And so the sister became the executor of his estate.
However, the estate was sued by a woman that came forward and presented herself as his wife.
But there's no proof or documentation or marriage license, so the sister kept the property.
Do we know if the cops ever looked at this woman claiming to be his wife for maybe setting the whole thing up to look like an accident?
That is a good question.
I don't know if she was interviewed or ever a suspect in this.
But his background as a contractor, would he have been that reckless to put a stove so close to your bed?
The guy who tries to protect the living is taking it upon himself to protect the children.
So, do you get anything on this guy in life?
He was some kind of architect or a builder of some sort.
I think he died in his 40s, 50s.
He feels like he was put out to dry or something.
I think he got himself into a bad situation and...
[Clicks tongue] What do you mean?
He kind of feels like he was murdered, but I don't know if he's really showing me the truth, because I feel like he did himself in, you know, and he's not taking responsibility.
Maybe he was wrongfully murdered.
If you need us to investigate unexplained activity in your home, go to the "Dead Files" page at travelchannel.com.
Click on "Help me, Dead Files!" to submit your story, and we'll help if we can.
You know, another thing caught my attention in research.
There was a deadly boat accident right near Caren's house, 14 dead.
I'm on my way to meet with a maritime historian who's gonna tell me exactly what happened.
I wanted to talk to you about this article I found in regards to a boat wreck that happened right by my client's property.
What can you tell me about what happened?
The ship originally was used to haul cargo.
This is the picture of her right there.
Okay.
In 1954, a guy named John Mecklin bought and converted the straight-hulled schooner into a cruising ship.
Here's a picture of John Mecklin right here.
What do we know about this guy?
He really had very, very little or almost no maritime experience whatsoever, but bought the ship.
He says, "I can make a great business going up and down the Chesapeake Bay with passengers."
So he spends a little bit of money repairing the ship, but it was a very, very bad job.
It was very sloppy, and as a result, the ship really was not seaworthy.
And for the next few years, it operated up and down the bay in this new and popular way that people enjoyed themselves called cruising.
Take me through the day of the tragedy.
Monday the 8th of August, they set sail with 23 passengers and a crew of 4.
Little do they know that Hurricane Connie's moving up this way.
Friday, the 12th of August, 1955.
The hurricane hits.
The winds were well over 60 miles an hour.
Waves probably were a good 8 to 12 feet, which is huge in a bay like this.
Once he recognizes that it's time to get some protection, he comes sailing across and tries to moor right up by your client's place.
He drops anchor, but the ship capsizes, the passengers all go flying out, and the ship is literally torn to pieces.
All the passengers are grabbing hold of wreckage to try and save themselves.
Here's a picture of the actual rescue effort.
Some make it. 14 don't.
Wow.
Bodies were starting to float ashore up and down this entire area.
Okay, so, the captain... was he ever held accountable for what happened?
He was very fortunate to have a good lawyer.
He was found guilty of four counts of negligence, was given suspended sentence and on probation for a year.
That's it.
Aw, geez.
Yeah. Terrible tragedy.
So, I'm getting some weird stuff.
Kind of looks like a hairy man, but it seems to kind of be, like, running around... kind of like an ape on the knuckles.
This might have just been a regular guy at some point.
I guess he's taken on this appearance to kind of like be intimidating, trying to keep living people away.
There is something about a crash, like a boat.
This boat accident happened a very long time ago with this guy.
I'm just seeing like, rain and [bleep] and he's yelling, and I'm hearing all these people yelling.
He was in charge of a boat, and it sank or something, and it killed... I think it killed everybody.
During my walk, I saw several dead people, but the young woman attacking the living child has me the most concerned.
I saw this woman under the bed.
Her face is all black. It's all black.
She's grabbing this child and is torturing her.
Is this what you saw?
Yes, that's what I saw.
: Now that Amy and I have completed our investigations, we're ready to reveal our findings to each other and our clients for the first time.
Amy, I'd like you to meet Caren, and this is her mom, Jan.
Her story really touched my heart.
Now, her husband works for the Department of Defense and is overseas most of the time.
Now, Jan lives down the street, so Caren's here alone...
: Okay.
With a hell of a lot of activity.
And she's got three young girls that are being affected tremendously by it.
This is Laurel, who's 14.
This is Aspen, who's 8.
And this is Cedar, who's 6.
This is the one Caren's most worried about.
Caren believes this is literally a life-and-death situation.
So now that Amy knows a little bit about the family dynamics, I'm gonna ask her to describe her walk.
: When I first got here, I was at the door, and I was seeing a lot of negativity, like, actually rolling in.
That negative energy can cause people to feel very unsettled and kind of unstable here.
It can cause massive fighting.
Wow.
: The fighting...
My three girls fight all the time, and I constantly am trying to keep everyone calm.
And then I end up yelling, and we're all yelling, and it comes out of nowhere, and especially for Cedar.
: It's constant.
It's a challenge every day to bring them back down.
It's heartbreaking.
: So, what else did you see?
: I met a male, and he was in the kitchen and dining room area.
He seemed to be in his 40s, 50s.
I got that he was in building or construction.
He was yelling at me that he had been murdered and all this bad stuff had happened to him, and, like, just something about him, I was like, "I don't know if that's true."
But, later, I saw him elsewhere, and he seems to be going out of his way to try to protect people here.
: Well, there's really not a lot to go on here, but there is somebody who lived here that was in construction, and he died a mysterious death.
His name was Maurice Dougherty.
He was a wealthy contractor, and he bought this property back in 1930 as a summer home.
So, now, back on October 16, 1932, he was sleeping here, and it was a cold night for that time of the year, so he set up a stove and put it next to his bed to keep himself warm.
Now, at some point in the night, the sheets caught on fire.
He was overcome by smoke, and by the time the firemen got here, he was DOA.
Now, they found him on the floor, locked inside, with the key to the door in his hand.
I actually have an article about his death.
Wow.
Now, he was 49 years old.
He apparently lived here alone.
I got the death certificate.
His sister winded up getting the property.
But here's where the story gets a little weird.
After Maurice died, this mystery woman came forward and claimed to be his widow.
She wanted a piece of the house, I guess whatever money he had, but she couldn't provide any documentation or proof that she was married to this guy, and the sister didn't know who the hell she was.
So when you say he feels like he was murdered, I'm not so sure the death went down the way the cops and the firemen saw it that night.
First of all, the guy's a seasoned contractor.
Are you gonna be stupid enough to put an oil heater right next to your bed?
Right.
I'm speculating.
Maybe she was staying here with him, locks the door on him.
Now she wanted to go after his money.
Wow.
Did you guys know about any of this?
No. No idea.
Okay.
Now, you said this guy's protecting the family.
What's he protecting them from?
The main issue here is that there's a dead woman.
She had very long hair. She was wet.
I saw her coming out from that television.
People would see her moving... like a shadowy figure.
She's always watching.
Oh.
But what concerned me was what she was doing upstairs in the yellow room.
Cedar's room.
She was there.
She was extremely agitated because the protector, the dead man, is there.
What he told me was that he's trying to teach the children how to stay away from the creepy, dead woman.
He said he's not trying to scare them.
He's trying to make them listen.
So the dead lady tries to be more aggressive, but she can't break through the barrier.
Wow.
: Cedar is the biggest reason Caren called us in.
And you hit on a lot of the things she's experiencing, and there's a lot.
Your daughter mentioned the guy with the brown arms coming out of the ceiling.
Cedar says that he yells at her.
He tries to push her out of bed.
He's very threatening.
It scares her.
Interesting, interesting.
Even though it seems harsh, I think that's just his way of trying to protect her.
Okay.
: Jan was watching Cedar, and she was screaming in her crib.
Tell her what you heard.
: She was screaming,
"Get out, get out. Leave me alone."
And as we were walking out of the door, I heard a low voice,
"Everything's gonna be all right."
Interesting. Okay.
I got sketches that she's drawn.
This is the man with the brown arms.
: That's a bloody man.
: Okay.
She also has drawn one that had a gunshot through the head.
Really?
The drawings she makes are horrible.
How many spirits?
Has she seen?
Over a hundred.
A hundred.
It's every night.
Geez.
Your daughter... I think she's a physical medium.
: And that's what Amy is, by the way.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my gosh.
There is other elements to the ability.
We're able to affect our environment.
Typically, it's when we're highly emotional, angry, sad.
And if people live with us, they will have experiences at some point.
She has daily rages.
She became very, I would say, at times violent.
Yes.
Totally different little girl.
When dead people come to her, she is experiencing their lives.
This is some heavy stuff for a child to be absorbing and witnessing, and that's why you're seeing the behavioral reactions constantly.
This is all just shocking and confusing.
I knew her behavior was unusual for a 6-year-old, but this is really heavy.
No wonder she's anxious and depressed.
She doesn't know what to expect around every corner.
I went into the pink room.
: That's Aspen's room.
: The protector said that he wasn't able to get through to her.
Therefore, the dead woman was a little bit more active in that room... the dead woman who's laying under the bed, trying to grab her feet and her arms and messing with her hair.
And the protector was standing in the room, telling me how angry he was about everything, saying it was uncalled for and disgusting, and he was asking God to put a stop to this behavior.
Many nights, Aspen sees a little girl in her room.
She has long, curly, brown hair.
And the hair is wet, isn't it?
It's wet, yes.
And one time, she felt a thumb press into the back of her neck.
And there's someone who watches her from the corner of her room.
She said there's a shadow?
A shadow, yes, every night.
Well, I did a sketch of what I saw.
Oh, my gosh.
I have to show you this.
[Gasps]
Oh, my gosh.
: This is my granddaughter going through this.
It's heart-wrenching.
That's exactly what she describes.
She says it's like fingers going down her legs.
: What the hell does this woman want with the kids?
When I went into the master bedroom.
I figured out a lot of stuff.
I felt a living woman feeling very isolated, lost in depression.
You are feeling this.
Yes. Those were the exact words I used.
What I got was that the dead woman is making everyone feel this way to tear the family apart.
That's what she wants.
The reason why she's doing this is because she wants you to be her mother.
What?!
: She's jealous of the other children.
That's why she torments them.
While all of this was happening and I'm figuring this out, like, she just, like, split-second, like, karate-chopped me in the neck.
She is very capable of doing physical harm.
Well, I've been attacked in my room.
Really?
I was sleeping, and all of a sudden, a big chunk of hair... whoo!... pulled me up off my pillow.
Scared the living daylights out of me.
Now, is this little [bleep] doing that to her?
Yeah. She's the main problem here.
She wants to be with you.
The only way she can be with you is if you were to kill yourself.
Then you guys would spend eternity together, and you would forever be her mother, alone.
Oh, my God.
Wow!
Yeah.
I thought what I was experiencing was just fallout from Cedar.
I just can't believe this is happening.
: So, Caren, when we spoke, you looked me right in the eye and said you'll do whatever it takes to protect your kids.
It sounds like after tonight, you need some help yourself.
Yes.
Now, we're gonna find out what it's gonna take to make that happen.
So for that, I'm gonna turn it over to Amy for some answers.
: So, the first thing I would like to see happen is contacting a Native American, a medicine person, to do a cleansing and remove the dead that are here in the house.
Then, I would like for you to have a Reiki master come in, and what they're going to be doing is removing any attachments.
Basically, they're gonna be removing all of that built-up negative energy and releasing that, cutting any cords that have formed.
Now, for your daughter Cedar, the first thing is for her to learn meditation techniques.
This is very, very important here.
Really, when she starts doing the meditation, her light basically will dim, and the dead won't be as drawn to her as they have been.
Okay.
The second thing is for her to have a power object.
Now, this is an object that she's going to feel protects her and empowers her that she can carry with her anywhere and everywhere and she can sleep with it, et cetera.
The third thing is... we're gonna call it the room lock-down, okay?
So every night, she's gonna have her power object, and she's gonna have her mantra, okay?
So what she's gonna say is something along the lines of "Leave me be. I'm too young to help. Go to another. You cannot be here. You cannot speak to me. You cannot jump me. You must stay outside."
And that will keep them from coming?
Yes.
This is the basis of her starting her process of self-empowerment, drawing her boundaries, and making sure that her space is her own.
We have a path, and this family will follow the path.
At least you're smiling now.
[Laughs]
It's good to have some answers to know what to do.
I feel like,
"Okay, we have a path ahead, and if we do these things, we're all gonna feel better."
That's what I want.
I want my little girl to feel like a little girl.
: I really feel for Caren. Learning that your child can interact with the dead can be terrifying. But I believe if they follow my advice, Cedar will learn to harness her abilities. And with the help of a Reiki master and a medicine person, they can banish the dead and live a peaceful life.
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
