 but you should be scared of me.
I will raise this town!
Simcoe is chasing a ghost. I'm the one who set him off.
He will burn down Setauket.
You're going to help me to give major his comeuppance.
I've been offered command of the fort at West Point.
This could be our chance.
Major Andre left a woman he loves back in Philadelphia, so she could introduce him to a Continental general there.
General Benedict Arnold.
: 
For the time being, not only its fortifications, but its troops are in pitiful and wretched condition."
Clean yourself up, lad.
: 
But only if my conditions are met."
West Point.
They gave Arnold West Point?
So what does he want?
10,000 and a kiss on the cheek?
20,000 plus indemnification for his property and command of a Loyalist battalion.
£20,000? I can buy an army for that.
With West Point, you won't need one.
If we control the highlands, Washington will be forced to fight or disband his army for want of provisions.
This is our victory, sir.
I'll go to 10,000, but not a penny more.
Make that clear in your reply.
There'll be no reply.
He requests a face-to-face meeting with an officer as he finds a mutual confidence between us is wanting.
(scoffs) Well, he got that right.
He sent this ring of which he has the twin.
And that way he'll recognize... the man we send.
And who are you?
Colonel Jameson, sir.
I recently served as General Howe's deputy.
I see. So you're the one in charge of this riffraff.
Find this officer an outpost that may suit him better.
Sir!
I have always been stationed here at the fort.
Not anymore.
Perhaps you'll do a better job downriver.
And in the meantime, I'll expect an observation report each morning without fail.
You can't be serious.
If he hands you paper in enemy territory, you can be hanged as a spy.
I won't accept any documents.
And I'll be wearing my uniform at all times.
We'll meet under flag of truce to discuss a prisoner exchange or something.
John...
And don't think of it as enemy territory.
It's Arnold's territory.
And at West Point, Arnold is the lord.
From headquarters, sir.
Bad news, sir?
Seems General Washington will be crossing the Hudson at King's Ferry and will be joining us with guests.
Oh, an honor. I'll ready Robinson House immediately.
It's very important you tell the truth.
I beg you, Captain. I've done nothing wrong.
That's not what I've heard, Elias.
Naughty, naughty. And with your own sister, too.
How did you know about that?
I know everything.
Between the thieving, the cheating, and the alleged incest, Setauket is Sodom-On-the-Sea.
And Robert Rogers has been using the town's dirty secrets to blackmail folk into sheltering him.
Please, sir, about my sister, it's a slander.
I don't even know Rogers.
I've never seen the man, I swear it.
I believe you.
Burn it all!
:
I'm afraid you must serve as a warning to those who are guilty of harboring an outlaw.
: 
(animals screaming)
:
(Elias shouts)
(crowd murmuring)
Simcoe is on a bloody rampage.
Yours is the third one he's burned this week.
Someone better give up this Rogers fellow or there won't be anything left.
: 
It's God's will.
God helps those who help themselves.
There's always something to be done.
Like what?
Well, Oliver Cromwell chopped off King Charles' head to restore liberty, didn't he?
Simcoe's also a tyrant and we have a right, a divine right to topple tyrants.
Cromwell had an army.
We don't even have a musket to our name.
That's because our guns are locked in the church right up that hill.
What do the Germans say in Pennsylvania?
Without gunpowder, there is no freedom.
(door opens)
(footsteps approach)
Sir, you have a caller.
Not again. Send her away.
Who?
Major Hewlett from Setauket.
Tell him I'm too busy to receive him.
Abigail, tell the major it should only take a moment and would be well worth his time to reconsider.
My apologies, Edward. I didn't know you were in York City.
Edmund, and I've been here for over a month now.
Yes, of course. It's just that I'm on the way out.
So am I. My ship leaves for England tomorrow morning.
I see your bloodhound Captain Simcoe has not made you aware of this, likely because he intends to see me off in his own way.
I'm afraid I don't know what you're talking about.
Well, you should be.
Afraid, that is, of what you don't know.
Take, for instance, the rebel spy that has been operating right under your nose.
May I?
I know all about that.
My bloodhound, as you call him, is out hunting for Robert Rogers as we speak.
Now, I really must be going.
Rogers is not Culper.
Though I do believe you are familiar with the man who really is.
Who?
You've been in the city for more than a month.
Why have you waited till now to communicate this?
Every subject's duty is the king's.
But every subject's soul is his.
I've been in the city for over a month and not once have you invited me to dine.
I have offered my services time and again and have been met with silence.
You have never listened to the Oyster Major before and I doubt that you will start now.
But that, sir, will not stop me from doing my duty one last time.
Culper is a cabbage farmer named Abraham Woodhull.
If I'm not mistaken, he attended one of your exclusive little dinner parties... right here.
God save the king.
: 
Send that with a courier first thing tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir.
(chatter)
John.
Whatever it is, I don't have time.
Make time.
I think not, my dear.
I'm not lying.
Nor am I any happier about this than you are.
I've got my own career to worry about.
We'll talk about this later.
When?
Tomorrow. I have business upriver and I am late for my boat.
John, don't.
Please, don't go.
I will take care of this. I will.
But I can't do it on my own.
Stay with me?
I said tomorrow.
The Vulture, eh?
That's the name of the ship.
I saw him step on board at the west docks.
Oh, so André's leaving the nest and flying upstream.
Well, if he's coming back tomorrow, that means his business is tonight.
You done well, my sweet hummingbird.
What will you do with him?
Him?
Justice, my lady.
For you and for me and for all of us left out there in the shadows.
Your Excellency.
Welcome to West Point.
Thank you, General.
And, Mrs. Arnold, a blessing on your household.
Thank you, Your Excellency.
I believe you're acquainted with Major Tallmadge.
My heartfelt congratulations to you, madam.
Allow me to introduce my aide-de-camp, Colonel Alexander Hamilton, who was not with us in Philadelphia.
To my tremendous regret.
Colonel.
And this is...
Le Marquis De Lafayette?
Your fame precedes you, monsieur.
Oh, not as much as yours, madam.
You must know that your beauty is spoken of in every salon in Paris, indeed at the court itself.
: Ahem.
Gentlemen, I must beg you to excuse me.
A wife's work is never done, especially in a new house.
Yes, of course.
Madam.
Gentlemen, let us drink to your journey and safe passage.
Thank you.
You decided to keep it powdered, eh?
Well, when in Rome. Or Versailles, I should say.
So you're on your way to meet the French?
Our allies in Hartford, yes.
We won't impose on you for more than a day.
Please, stay as long as you like.
Does the men good to see you here.
Dispatch, sir. Sent from a John Anderson under flag of truce.
Not him.
Pray, don't let us interfere with army business.
A flag of truce is always of import.
"Mr. John Anderson is amenable to a meeting with Mr. Gustavus to discuss the terms for the goods under discussion."
Quite vague, isn't it?
Who is John Anderson?
Gustavus?
I've discovered that my predecessor shirked his duties here.
I wouldn't put it past him to have been on the London trade as well.
This is no doubt one of his profit- making schemes.
To victory.
: To victory.
Where are you going?
To inspect the lines.
This late at night?
Yes, this late at night.
I don't have time for games, Peggy.
Then why are you playing one with me?
This has something to do with that letter you received.
I thought you had gone upstairs.
Why is Mr. Anderson writing to you after you ceased communications?
Because I am meeting with him tonight 
What?
This is my opportunity to end this civil war, to be a peacemaker.
I should have told you before, but I couldn't.
Congress sll refuses to pay me.
John André is coming here?
What? Yes. Tonight.
And I must arrange for his safe passage and secure his guarantee for our future.
No more lies, Benedict.
I'll play my part, but no more lies.
After tonight, we will have no more need for them.
Your guests are asleep, but Franks is still up.
I'll distract him while you head out the back.
If we get any closer, we'll either hit their chain or have their artillery hit us.
This is far enough. Drop anchor and douse your lights.
Well, sir, I must confess I don't fully understand.
And I don't know how I can be any clearer.
Well, if this is an army matter, why not have one of your soldiers row out to the gunboat?
My men are at their posts.
And I don't explain myself to bargemen.
You can't tell us what to do.
Take this sheepskin, put it in your rowlocks, and muffle the oars.
I just never heard of no flag of truce meeting taking place in the dead of night before.
£50 of flour apiece and a bottle of rye whiskey.
A craft's approaching. Looks harmless.
Make sure to hold here, Captain.
Shan't be more than an hour or two.
Major André. Or should I say Anderson?
General Clinton is honored that you've decided to aid the cause of peace.
And I am delighted to help reforge the bonds of friendship between the king and his loyal subjects.
Given that certain conditions are met.
None that breach the common standards of fairness and honor.
In exchange for £20,000, I shall transfer to you the plans for West Point along with information concerning its armament and garrison.
You can put those away. I can't accept documents.
And I'm authorized to offer 5,000.
(laughs)
In addition I can arrange for a pension plus compensation for your property subject, of course, to you providing receipts to a board of inquiry.
I may be willing to accept 15,000, but I want guaranteed compensation.
No bloody board of inquiry.
And a commission as major general.
I can prevail upon Clinton to move to 10,000, but he'd insist on payments of equal installments over five years subject to land tax should you decide to purchase new property.
That's absurd.
Let me remind you that you're not just getting West Point, you're getting the General Arnold, victor of Saratoga.
I'm a bloody war hero.
For the Continental Army.
I've given you intelligence concerning the depreciation of the currency that you used to bankrupt Congress.
Only until France bailed you out.
Yes, because the French understand that victory costs money.
How much is victory worth to you, sir?
Such as you can promise?
10,000. Payable over five years.
And how much is Washington worth?
Yes, he's here.
Right now. Arrived this morning with a small entourage on his way to meet with senior French commanders.
When?
20,000 and the commission.
We can end this war now, André.
Capture Washington and it's over.
I know what you are authorized to offer.
Clinton can't fault you for a change in the weather.
Think about what he would want.
I can guarantee 20,000.
 to break off your engagement to Margaret Shippen.
What?
You heard me.
I knew it. I knew it.
Back in Philadelphia, you were more than friends.
What do you care? You get your fortune, you get your hero's welcome.
All I want is her.
Well, you want what I already have.
What I've been having for months now.
And her name's not Shippen, it's Arnold.
We were married at home.
Are you sure you still want her?
Weigh anchor. Come about and get us under way.
I knew this would happen, damn it.
Aw, that was too high.
Aim lower and give the cheeky buggers a scare.
Wake me if they don't scarper.
And what about us, Jameson?
What's the reward for tipping you off?
You did your duty, Paulding. Your country thanks you.
Good thing we was here, then.
An enemy vessel creeping up and you asleep on the watch.
I wonder what the new general would say if he hears about it.
Take some bread and beer and piss off.
I thought you told them to douse the lights.
I thought you had control of this fort.
The ship will retreat downstream now.
That's too far to row. You'll have to go on foot.
The nearest British outpost is White Plains.
That's 15 miles away.
Then you'll have to start walking.
Here, wear these.
No spare shoes.
Your boots will have to do.
Damn these bargemen. Haven't they any paper?
Must be another way.
I'll write you a pass to get you through our pickets.
The woods are swarming with Cowboys and Skinners, 
Every man north of Verplanck's Point knows my name, so this will guarantee you.
The plans.
We'll need them to take West Point.
20,000.
Peggy.
(rustling)
Stop skulking, lads. You can come out now.
Time to pay up, old man.
 but we got nothing.
You just made an investment in your future.
How's that?
You see that ship out there turning tail?
She just left behind her most precious cargo.
What cargo?
Treasure.
Treasure worth hunting down.
Caleb!
Annie.
How was New York?
Where's Ben?
Ben, he's with Washington. Why?
Where?
West Point on his way to Hartford.
I need you to get him a message. Them... both of them.
Benedict Arnold is a traitor.
I wrote down all I learned in New York.
He's behind the counterfeit plot...
...the attacks on Middlebrook, everything.
Oh, sh1t.
Wait, where are you going?
Arnold's at West Point.
: 
: 
You have the magistrate's word on it.
And you have mine.
(door opens, closes)
Captain, would you mind telling me what Elias Appleby was doing here after you torched his entire harvest of hay and slaughtered his livestock?
Why, to thank me, of course.
As so many have for my efforts to drive the wicked elements from Setauket.
Though I suppose they should really be thanking you.
If I had known what you were going to do with the names I provided, I never would have given them.
I would have taken them all the same.
Your pointless hunt for Rogers is tearing this town apart.
He is long gone and you are stoking the fires of rebellion in his absence.
Within your son in particular, it seems.
What?
He's been quite vocal lately.
Abe has been like that his whole life.
He's a fool who runs his mouth without thinking.
On that we agree.
Shame he never inherited his father's discretion.
(softly) Do not tell your child.
Once we...
What do you think you're doing?
Drinking.
Sorry, there's no empty chairs.
You keep talking treason, there'll be plenty.
Simcoe's time will come, but you need to wait.
Wait? Wait for what?
(sighs)
That's been your answer, hasn't it, your whole life.
Wait.
This town looks to you as a leader, not to me.
So lead them.
Speak up and do the right thing.
(hawks, spits)
How terribly uncouth.
But it'd be more uncouth still for you to not drink his health, Captain.
Down the hatch.
Ah!
(men shouting)
: 
No!
I simply won't abide rudeness.
With me.
(chatter)
Stings, doesn't it? Hmm?
I've been struck by Simcoe before.
The problem with him is no one ever hits him back.
Rogers took his ear.
Well, then I guess Rogers missed his chance.
He's probably long gone by now.
No, now it's up to you to finish the job.
Before Simcoe finishes you.
What are you talking about?
He won't rest till you regulars leave him the town so he can burn the whole damn thing down to ash.
Now, he's out of control and you know it.
What do you propose I do?
Look the other way while someone else does what needs to be done.
Now, if the arsenal at the garrison is left unlocked, the problem takes care of itself.
And not a single British musket need be fired.
Now, once it's done, Setauket returns to peace.
But with you in charge.
May I ask, gentlemen... to which party you belong?
You'll forgive my ignorance, but up here in the neutral ground, you never know who's what.
But judging by the Hessian kit you're wearing, I'd wager you're kingsmen.
In which case today's your lucky day.
I'm a British officer.
And there'll be a rich reward if you escort me back to our lines.
Well, we're Skinners and today ain't your lucky day.
(chuckles)
I must do anything to get along... here, let's speak truthfully.
This guarantees me safe conduct.
It's signed by General Arnold himself.
Commander at West Point.
You're not gonna read it?
(groans)
Cheers.
: No!
(grunting)
Gentlemen, I am sure General Arnold 
 if you return those and me to him.
Oh, I'm sure he would, Johnny boy.
Let's have a gander.
Looks like you boys have caught yourself an enemy spy or two.
This man is Major Rogers of the Queen's Rangers.
He serves the king... (groans)
Not anymore, I don't. You made sure of that.
Now I'm just plain old Robbie Rogers from Massachusetts.
An American who serves his country.
(spits)
You want reward, you take him to Jameson, not Arnold.
He'll pay you this time.
Off you go.
Hey.
You stick with the story.
I was never here.
You'll hang for this! You'll hang!
No, John, not me.
You say this man's a British officer, yet he wears no uniform.
You say he's a British spy, but he bears a pass from General Arnold, 
How, then, did he acquire them?
We're just doing our duty.
What's the reward?
I know nothing of any reward.
You'll have to wait for General Arnold to clear it.
: 
I do hope we can clear up this misunderstanding before too long.
You see what kind of people I have to deal with?
It's so rare to find a gentleman around these parts.
Still, this business with the plans and the pass, I'm afraid it's all very rum.
I will have to make a report to General Arnold.
Of course, Colonel. I completely understand.
Indeed, please make sure to mention that "Mr. John Anderson" is keen to be on his way.
8,000 men into Canada.
A bold move.
George, I have a strategy which I must discuss with you... in private.
It's not quite ready yet.
Perhaps you could postpone your trip to Hartford for just a few days?
It's possible, sir. We're not expected till Friday.
Are you sure, Benedict?
Judging by the cannonading last night, sounds as if you have enough on your plate.
Oh, that? No. It's nothing.
Our gunners scare them off.
It woke me last night as well, sir.
Colonel Jameson's report will be here soon.
If it were serious, he would have informed us already.
Perhaps I can save him the trouble.
Go down and fetch the report myself.
There's really no need.
Jameson's on notice. I'd like to see how he does.
Thank you, Major. General Arnold has it in hand.
Yes, sir.
You'll stay for breakfast, at least.
Of course.
I'll tell them to hurry.
The old man agrees with you. Have a sniff about.
Come on.
(horse panting)
Just a little longer. Come on.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Whoa.
Good morning. I'm Continental Army.
I need a fresh horse. Yours.
Well, I'm a Skinner and she's Patriot property, friend.
Fine. Then I'm a Cowboy and I'm stealin' her,
I'm looking for Colonel Jameson.
Over there, sir.
Hey, you got our money?
Ah, is that the colonel's morning report?
Yes, sir. Bound for West Point.
Right, bit of a wasted trip.
Sir?
No, nothing. Carry on.
I'll speak to the man himself.
Colonel Jameson.
Yes?
I'm Major Benjamin Tallmadge, General Washington's staff.
His Excellency sent me to inquire about what happened here last night.
Oh, nothing much. Enemy ship got a little cocky.
She turned tail after a few shots. It's all in my report.
Said he was a spy, but he had a pass from General Arnold which they couldn't read.
Misunderstanding.
Yes, of course.
Colonel Jameson, might I have a word?
You say that man was just brought in by these Skinners here with whom you're acquainted?
Unfortunately.
And did he come in without any shoes?
He didn't have any, no.
And you didn't find that odd?
Or perhaps more curious than one of our Skinners wearing a pair of royal officer's boots?
What's his name in there?
Uh... Anderson.
John Anderson.
I should add he had plans of West Point on his person.
What?
Yes, but, see, they werein General Arnold's handwriting.
And you only thought to mention this
Of course not. It's all in my report to General Arnold.
Your...
: Thank you.
Benedict, are you happy here?
I beg your pardon?
I'm short of reliable battlefield commanders.
For this next offensive, I want you to command my left wing.
If you still feel up to the fight.
Sir.
Colonel Jameson's report.
: 
He was found to be carrying a pass guaranteed by you as well as plans of our fortifications at West Point.
Anything that should concern us?
Oh, just a ship in the night, as it were.
Gentlemen, please excuse me. Ahem.
What's the matter?
We are undone.
We are undone.
What?
André has been captured.
Tallmadge will bring him here. They'll make him talk. He knows everything.
What'll they do with him?
I don't know.
Will they hang him?
They'll hang
I must flee
You?
Washington would never harm a woman.
Especially not an innocent one.
And you are going to need to play the innocent better than anyone ever has.
We'll be together again soon.
I promise.
Benedict... ?
Urgent for Washington!
Halt. Dismount!
Lieutenant Brewster, 2nd Artillery.
Get Tallmadge, damn it!
Prepare your boat and row me downriver now.
I meant to ask, why'd you lot shoot at that ship if it were under...
I said now!
Sir! Let go of me! Sir!
Arnold's a traitor, sir.
What?
Arnold, he's a traitor. It's right here in the letter.
Anna got it straight from André's desk.
: Sir... ?
Sir... ?
Feather your blades.
(gunshot echoes)
Row!
This...
(blade rattles)
Sir.
...should be here... right here at your side, always.
: 
I'm sorry.
Ugh!
(grunts, groans)
Get a rope.
(grunting)
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
