Simcoe is not a problem that will go away.
Mr. Rogers, he's here!
Where is he?
The Quaker needed convincing. We gave him a push.
You think that I would trust any of you?
What do you want with my son?
 concerning John Andre and the young woman.
The woman's name is Philomena Chia.
You could never be her.
He writes to me, but all he really wants is Arnold.
I want to be married, now.
We have lost not one Culper, but both.
Robert Rogers.
I should have known.
He's always been a thorn in our side, sir.
Indeed, but these wounds are self-inflicted.
We are blind to the enemy in New York once again.
Sir, I have failed you.
I wish to resign my post as head of intelligence.
So, Arnold wants a second bite of the apple, does he?
"I'm so far recovered I can walk with ease and expect to be on horseback soon.
£10,000 shall be engaged for my services 
(vocalizing)
Mmm, request a meeting in person.
This could be our chance.
I don't trust the man.
General Arnold once told me you can be a soldier or you can be a spy, but you can't be both.
Nonsense. They go hand in glove.
There is nothing more necessary than good intelligence and nothing requires greater pains to obtain.
Why are you deserting me now?
Why contact us now? Did they not exonerate him?
Yes, but read closer.
"I took Ticonderoga. I triumphed at Saratoga.
I defended myself at Middlebrook, yet still they deny me what I am owed."
Middlebrook.
This is strictly about his finances now, or lack thereof.
He defended himself at Middlebrook, yes, but not in battle.
From court-martial.
An officer of Arnold's rank must be tried by a jury of his peers.
The only place to find that many generals would be the rebel camp itself.
Washington is at Middlebrook.
I do not accept your resignation.
We may have lost our man in New York, but we have not lost our woman there.
Sir, a foray against Washington's camp would be perilous.
 the rebels would surely be alerted.
I'll dispatch the provincial militia from Stony Point.
Give Bill Tryon a crack at the old fox.
Washington will never see them coming.
Washington will never see Arnold coming.
We have no need of Arnold.
He's stuck in Philadelphia, as are you.
You haven't been the same since we left there, John.
You're seeking to win back a woman while I am trying to end this war.
(chatter)
Chan (footsteps approach)
(distant sawing)
What happened?
The standard bearer was shot.
They used the colors as a tourniquet.
Where was this?
Franklin Township.
Ben, you all right?
Yes.
I just hope it can be mended.
I... I spoke with Washington about the ring.
And, well, he reminded me that we do still have one asset left to us in New York.
Abigail?
I haven't heard from her since I sent Cicero back.
Well, perhaps it's time you renewed your acquaintance, then.
(sighs)
I have no way to contact her.
You could pay her a visit.
A man we'd have to smuggle into the city.
You can enter on a pass.
Abigail can't get me a pass.
No, but an officer can.
I haven't exchanged a word with Ed... with Major Hewlett since I left him at the altar.
Right, so maybe he wants some answers.
I can't lie to him again.
Anna, just think of it as doing your duty.
All right? For Washington. For your country.
A lie for my country is still a lie.
Sometimes you ask too much of people.
I know.
I know there's nothing more painful for you.
Nor is there anything more necessary for the cause.
We make sacrifices so that others don't have to.
: 
I write to you with a heavy heart and against my better instincts, but write I must, though I suppose you never wished to hear from me again.
If that is the case, I will respect your wishes."
(men laughing)
"I owe you an explanation so that this gaping wound can, if not be healed, then at least be closed.
Such sorrow, however, cannot be conveyed through the post.
I beg the opportunity to come to New York and speak to you in person.
(laughing)
I'll drink to that!
Gentlemen, we are about to change the course of history.
And to the victors go the spoils.
Honors and riches and girls with no britches.
(laughing)
I've been spoiling for another chance at Washington.
I intend to flank him and collapse his center as I did to Arnold at Ridgefield.
It seems I chose the right man.
I would caution you, William, not to deal the rebels too heavy a blow.
How's that?
Cooke wants the war to end, but not just yet.
My fields on Long Island have never been more numerous.
Nor more profitable.
(laughing)
To Washington's health.
May he survive the battle long enough to hang.
(laughing)
There you are.
Mr. Townsend, if you please.
Townsend.
Psst.
More Madeira.
General Clinton, it is an honor to have you in our presence.
I intend to be back with something to celebrate.
Perhaps I shall leave the bottle, gentlemen, so that you will not be disturbed.
Um, Townsend.
My sources say big things are afoot.
Is that so?
Yes.
We better stock up. Business will be booming.
That's a pity. I was thinking of traveling back to Oyster Bay to visit my father and perhaps, James, to remain there.
I'm thinking of selling my stake.
(chuckles) Well, you'll change your tune as soon as you read Saturday's headlines.
I'm quite sure I won't.
But I assure you the news will make your heart sing and your purse groan.
♪ Yankee Doodle came to town ♪

♪ For to buy a firelock ♪
: ♪ We will tar and feather him ♪

♪ And so we will John Hancock ♪

♪ When old Georgie took the field ♪

♪ He proved an arrant coward ♪

♪ He wouldn't fight the British there ♪

♪ For fear of being devoured ♪

♪ Then old Georgie grew so bold ♪

♪ He said there's no man greater ♪

♪ But he will sing a mournful tune ♪

♪ When he's hanged as a traitor. ♪
(laughing)
(clock ticking)
(echoing)
♪ He will sing 
(laughter echoing)
(horse whinnying)
(rifle cocks)
Halt!
Easy.
Doubt he'd pick off a man while he's doing his business.
: 
(whispering) Are you out of your bloody mind?
Just act natural. He can't see me.
I mean taking a shot at Simcoe.
What?
I heard them talking. He was wounded.
That wasn't me, you b*st*rd. That was your wife.
What?
Yeah, that's what I thought when I saw her at Whitehall running around with your rifle.
Now hurry up and show him some shite before he gets suspicious.
She used me as a bloody decoy, Abe.
Who the hell did you marry?
I'm still finding out.
We need to get out of here.
All of us. Right now.
Yeah, well, there's a problem with that.
Thanks to your wife, I ain't got a boat.
Take Robeson's. He won't miss it.
Oh, Caleb, stay downwind.
: 
Plus a few on the groom's side.
20? In total?
I had more bridesmaids.
Not everyone can be accommodated at short notice.
What will I tell my friends?
Would you prefer to tell them your daughter eloped?
This is all so sudden, Peggy.
Is there another guest on the way?
No, Mother.
Every time I'm here, there seem to be fewer and fewer servants.
Won't be long before we outnumber them.
Haven't you been reimbursed by the Congress yet?
You needn't worry, sir. I will get what I am owed.
I've been offered command of the fort at West Point.
West Point?
It's not a field command, but it's a very important position.
Who better to command Fort Arnold than the man it's named after?
Am I not to remain in Philadelphia?
Who will oversee Penn Mansion?
Well, whomever I sell it to, I suppose.
But you just had it restored.
(horse whinnies)
Cavil, you're to stand down from your post.
I require you for a guard duty.
What happened?
Did he do that to you?
You said Rogers had you watching someone.
Tell me again, who was it?
My wife and child.
How are they?
Answer the question.
Answer mine.
Mrs. Woodhull braved the entire assault from her bathtub.
I believe the boy slept through it.
It was John Robeson, as I already told you.
Would you swear to that on the lives of your wife and child?
And on my own.
Come with us.
(horse snorts)
I knew it. Bloody well knew it.
Washington's made a pact with the devil.
He's promised Rochambeau if the rebels win, the French can help themselves to all of New England.
Are you saying across the sound would be France?
It ain't ever gonna happen, though.
Excuse us.
Not you.
I know you killed Captain Joyce.
What?
No, no, no. It was Clayton.
That's what Robert Rogers said to protect you.
Isn't that right, Woodhull?
It was him. He's the murderer.
He's the one trying to cover his...
Where is Robert Rogers?
I swear I haven't seen him in years.
Then where's your boat?
My boat?
The one you used to smuggle on the London trade, the boat he used to evade me.
We found his craft near Frog's Cove.
When we searched for yours, we found it missing.
My boat's gone? (grunts)
Woodhull was assigned to watch you.
Who were you assigned to watch?
Nobody.
Who else does Rogers control?!
(screaming)
Who did Rogers have you watching?
(exhales)
It was an accident.
He should have been more careful.
(chatter)
Not the first time I've had to carry him out of here.
Spent a lot of time in the tavern, did he?
: You'd think he owned the place.
Aye.
Robeson was your best customer?
I wouldn't say so, no. He owed me money.
Then why didn't you collect?
Woodhull was watching Robeson.
Robeson was watching you.
What?
He knew all their dirty secrets.
And yours.
What secret?
The one you're going to tell me.
But I don't... I don't have any... my rum, my rum! I buy it from a privateer.
The London trade?
Yeah, yeah. The black market.
That's all I did. I swear!
I don't even know Roger Roberts.
(horse snorts, nickers)
You come from far afield, mister?
All the way from York City.
I'm thinking of selling my business and I heard there was land here going for cheap previously owned by rebels.
Well, Setauket's a sleepy town compared to what you're used to.
Please don't kill me!
Please help me!
I'm innocent!
I'll be the judge of that.
People of Setauket, pay close attention.
(crying)
(people gasp)
(goat bleats)
(bell jingles)
(chatter)
Which of these people did Rogers command you to watch?
I want names!
: 
I want names!
(sobbing)
You poor pathetic soul. I know what's bedeviling you. You're scared of Robert Rogers. But you should be scared of me. 
 is nothing compared to what I will do unless those aiding and abetting him come forward.
(goat bleats)
So be it.
I will raze this town if I must!
(woman gasps)
Jesus, that poor man.
(whispering) What are you doing here?
I was going to ask myself the same thing.
Lovely town, by the way.
Can't imagine why I didn't visit earlier.
I'll set off towards my farm.
Wait two minutes, then follow.
You're being followed?
Yeah, yeah.
No, no, no. It's Townsend.
What?
Townsend.
Dear God, what is that smell?
(clears throat)
Morning.
What's he doing here?
Getting me out of town.
Are we taking him as well?
I'm not going anywhere with you.
Listen, listen, you came here for a reason, all right?
We don't have time for old grudges.
Just shut it.
The man has his rights.
And we do have business to square, so...
I'm sorry what happened to your father.
Abe's orders were as clear as day.
He was not to be touched. So that's on me.
It should've never happened.
You can knock me if you like to even things up.
Caleb. - I'm serious. Eye for an eye.
Caleb, he's a Quaker. He doesn't believe... - (grunts)
Jesus!
Knew I loved this b*st*rd.
: 
(Caleb groans)
Robert, you need to start talking.
We thought you were out.
I am.
But this is bigger than me.
This needs to get to Washington with haste.
They know where your camp is.
It's only a matter of time.
Shite.
Well, I got Robeson's boat stashed at the Fingers.
I heard. Simcoe thought he lent it to Rogers.
Killed Robeson right in front of me.
Jesus. Well, let's grab your family and get you out of here.
No.
No.
Townsend is right.
There's no time to waste, all right?
You'll be faster without us.
Woody, I'm not leaving here without you.
I can't go, Caleb.
I'm the one who set him off. He will burn down Setauket.
No, he will burn you. That is what he'll do.
Look, this man had every reason to run, all right?
But instead he ran to us.
'Cause he's the only man who could.
Now, if you don't get this to Washington, who will?
If I don't stand up to Simcoe, who will?
I was wondering if there had been any callers from town.
Someone who may have brought information on Rogers.
No.
Pity.
They leave me no choice.
I'm compelled to strike at random until the conspiracy comes to light.
No, surely there's a better way.
If there is, I'm not aware of it.
Though as magistrate, you know this town better than anyone.
You already have a list of suspected Whigs and of people who haven't paid their taxes to the king.
Rogers is too clever to be found amongst the usual suspects.
What makes you so sure he's still here?
A clever man would cut his losses.
But he and I are cut from the same cloth.
Neither of us will cease until our enemy has been destroyed.
What I require are secrets.
Greed, revenge, perversions.
The sort of secrets that cannot be hidden in a small town.
The sort of secrets that can be used against someone.
Not by me, of course, but by Rogers.
If you give me time, I will draw up a list based upon what I know.
Be quick about it.
Any old iron?
: 
I'll see you tomorrow.
Any old iron?
Any old iron?
Hello, Philomena.
Have we...
Robert Rogers?
In the flesh.
Major Rogers.
Aye.
You're a wanted man.
I can cut your throat faster than you can scream for help.
Now, I have it on very good authority that you have taken up with the major again.
We're not together, I swear.
Don't try to play me. I have seen your acting.
Either you're going to help me to give the major his comeuppance or you're going to get it.
You don't have to force me to betray him.
He already has that coming.
He's a liar and a cad.
I did everything he asked and how does he thank me?
By dressing me up like some trollop from Philadelphia.
Aye.
And after he's used you up, he throws you away, hmm?
What do you want?
I aim to know the major's comings and goings, but seeing as I am a wanted man, well, there are places I cannot go.
But you can.
(chatter)
(chatter)
Major Hewlett, there's a young lady who bears a pass with your signature.
If you won't admit her, may I?
Major Hewlett.
Mrs. Strong.
May we speak privately?
Anything you have to say to me can be said here.
You look well.
Well, looks can be deceiving, as you know.
I'm still an officer, but it's merely a formality.
I'll be cashiered once I make it back to England.
It... it wasn't my aim to disgrace you.
Yes, it was. In order to save me.
You knew that the judge would challenge the authenticity of the divorce.
How did you know that I would take the blame?
Because of who you are.
The kind of man that can't beat Simcoe.
No. - I could have taken him. I took him before.
I wasn't protecting you from Simcoe.
It was Abraham.
He was plotting to kill you.
Why didn't you warn me?
Because I was a spy, too.
I had to choose between the two of you and I found a third way.
I figured it was better for you to fall on your own sword than to perish from his.
You've played me for a fool.
When you jumped out of that boat, I thought it was out of loyalty.
It was, for my country.
And for Abe.
At first...
I encouraged your affections to protect him.
But as you and I grew closer, I discovered you were a man of honor, of intellect, of kindness.
Why did you come here?
To give you the truth.
You deserve it.
I mean, why were you sent?
Look around, Edmund.
You could have me arrested.
I chose to tell you this on my own accord and against my orders because I cannot tell another lie to a man who never lied to me.
Did you ever love me?
When I proposed we leave America and marry, I meant that.
Answer my question.
Did you ever love me?
We were both swept up by our passions.
I by my infatuation with you, and you by your love for a married man.
It is good that you've quit Abraham.
Now I must quit you.
(door closes)
(chatter)
What on earth? Caleb?
Compliments of Culper... Jr. and Sr.
What?
Where is he? Where is Abe?
Setauket. Ring's not as dead as you thought.
"Washington Trounced in Tryon Triumph."
There's a ring to it. Yet I wonder if that rings false.
Not long ago you informed me that Culper Jr. had quit.
Now he's riding to Setauket as if he were Paul Revere.
Or perhaps he's just settling scores.
No, sir. He settled them.
He got it out of his system, trust me.
In any case, the enemy knows precisely where we are.
We must decamp beyond harm's way.
What, and let Clinton get the better of us?
Sir, rather than merely dodging a blow, why not hit back so hard that he'll think twice about ever trying it again?
This credits the victory to Governor Tryon's Tory militia, which we know to be stationed at Stony Point.
Now, surely he'll devote most of his forces to the attack, leaving the garrison undermanned.
A small force of light infantry could penetrate their defenses under the cover of darkness.
I thought one couldn't be a soldier and a spy.
We set off at sundown.
Now, Lieutenant Brewster is passing out pieces of paper that will help you distinguish friend from foe.
Right, pin them on your noggin, anywhere you don't want to get nicked.
(men chuckle)
And once inside the fort... kill any man not wearing one.
: 
Cut off the head of the snake and the body will die.
Our target is the officers' tents, specifically Washington's.
A prize of £500 to the man who captures or kills him.
We only have need of bayonets.
Remove the flint from your weapons.
(men muttering)
We can't risk any sound that might give away our position.
We take them by surprise or we die.
Charge your bayonets.
To the front, march.
(grunts)
(echoes) Where in the hell are the rebels?!
(grunts)
(gunshot)
We're under attack!
(men shouting)
Go! To arms!
(gunshot)
We yield! We yield!
Hold! Hold!
Hold, hold, hold!
Give us quarter!
Cease, men! Cease!
The fort is ours!
(cheering)
How's your wound, Captain?
I must confess it still pains me.
But I consider myself fortunate.
An inch or two closer and my life would have been extinguished.
You needn't worry.
It's Rogers who will soon be snuffed out.
Captain, a word if we may.
I haven't finished my breakfast.
I have that list.
Ah, the names.
Who'd have thought a town this size could have so many secrets?
I would appreciate if we kept the source of this information between us.
It'll be our secret.
You're giving him names?
Why are you helping him?
You of all people have no right to judge me.
: 
We should never have sent the militia in place of the regulars.
It's like sending boys to do men's work.
I beg to differ. The result wouldn't have been any different.
(cracks)
They knew we were coming.
We have a traitor in our ranks.
Gentlemen.
What are we burning?
Old news.
: 
It would have made quite the memento.
Well, we have plenty of other mementos, sir.
11 field pieces, among them seven cannons, 93 men taken.
Yes.
And we can exchange them for some of ours taken in Charleston.
Well, not before I have a chance to interrogate the officers.
We must find out who gave away the location of our camp.
You think it's one of our own?
Well, they would never have committed so many men to the attack if it weren't.
Miss Anna!
Oh!
Oh, I can't believe how you've grown.
Abigail.
It's good to see you.
I'm... I'm sorry I stopped by unannounced.
I just wanted to see you before I left the city.
The major won't be home until nightfall.
Have some tea.
Engaged? My goodness.
I never knew you had feelings for him.
Neither did I.
But it wasn't meant to be.
Is it ever?
When Akinbode brought Cicero back, he asked me to run away with him to Canada.
I wasn't ready.
Besides, I didn't need a man to lead me.
I can go on my own.
But I miss him.
And now it seems he's gone for good.
I'm sorry.
He had to look out for himself.
And so do you.
You need to do what you think best.
What I need to do and what I think best are two different things.
Anna, I... I've been working for Major André.
I know.
And I don't just mean cooking and cleaning.
I'm not here for that.
You don't have to tell me anything you don't want to.
We're just making conversation, right?
Major André left a woman he loves back in Philadelphia so she could introduce him to a Continental general there.
A general?
You want to take this one?
General Benedict Arnold.
: 
 honor and keep her in sickness and in health, and, forsaking all other, keep thee only unto her so long as you both shall live?
I will.
And, Margaret, will thou take this man to be thy wedded husband?
I will.
Feed the kitteh
© 2001-2020 
. 
.
